102 GRILL	93.00	"2-501.11 Clean-up of Vomiting and Diarrheal Event - No bodily fluid clean-up plan present at facility. A written bodily fluid clean-up plan must be present that addresses the specific actions employees must take to minimize the spread of contamination and the exposure of employees, consumers, food, and surfaces to vomitus or fecal matter. CDI: Written plan provided., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Multiuse utensils stored in vertical storage container with food contact portions facing upwards. Multi use utensils must be stored covered or inverted to prevent contamination., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Bottles of cleaning chemicals stored on shelving above single service articles and food storage. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food, single service articles, and equipment. CDI: chemicals removed., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Time for cooked sausage held on TPHC (time as a public health control) not documented and no written procedures available for TPHC. When TPHC is used, written procedures must be available and followed and times for products must be documented. CDI: time for sausage documented and template for written procedures provided during inspection. Maintain written procedures available for all products held on TPHC."
1907 GRILL AT ECU MCSC	95.5	"7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with its common name. Observed spray bottle of grill cleaner with no labeling. CDI - employee labeled bottle. 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored separately from food, clean equipment/utensils, and single-use items. Observed stainless steel polish stored with various condiments underneath hot line. CDI - bottle was relocated., 3-504.14 Cooling - TCS foods prepped from ambient temperatures shall cool from ambient to 41F within a total of 4 hours. Cut melon in fruit cups reading above 41F and had been prepped at approximately 8am this morning. CDI - fruit cups discarded. Cool cut fruit down entirely before placing in tight plastic cups., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Employees shall wash their hands when returning to kitchen and before donning gloves to work with food. Observed employee re-enter kitchen area and don gloves to make an order. CDI - discussed with PIC about proper handwashing."
42 FRY	97.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on fan next to handsink in the back as well as on shelving in the walk-in cooler where food debris has accumulated., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal products shall be stored underneath RTE products. Observed container of raw oysters stored above milk in the seafood prep cooler. CDI - items rearranged."
427 CONVENIENT MART	95.0	"6-501.18 Cleaning of Plumbing Fixtures - Clean the rusting hand sink and toilet in the restroom that are dirty, have water stains, and general grime on them., 5-501.11 Outdoor Storage Surface -  Provide a smooth, durable, and sloped area for trash container that is made of nonabsorbent material, such as asphalt or concrete. Dumpster is currently sitting on the ground.  5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - (B) Two outside trash cans at the sides of the building and around the back wall by the restrooms do not have lids, and have trash in them. Provide lids for trash cans stored outside with trash in them to protect against insect entry and attraction., 6-102.11 Surface Characteristics-Outdoor Areas - Treat outside driving area to minimize dust and mud using concrete, gravel, or asphalt. Areas around building are dusty driveways  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean restroom floors, walls, and ceilings of stains and pooled debris. Clean dirt around the base of the walls. Clean the floor tiles under the 2-compartment sink to remove general buildup of grime. 5-502.11 Repair the door and wall in the restroom that are deteriorating, 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (A) The tongs used for handling hot dogs were sitting on the counter, and counter is considered a non-food contact surface. Keep tongs stored in a container or otherwise that has been sanitized to prevent contamination. Manager placed tongs on single-use wax paper., 6-403.11 Designated Areas-Employee Accommodations for eating/drinking/smoking - Provide a location to store coffee and food items for coffee off the 2-compartment sink. These items are sitting on the drainboard. Keep these items off drainboard.  6-303.11 (B)(3) Light in the employee restroom is 4-5 ft-cd maximum, including the daylight through the skylight above the door. Provide at least 20 ft-cd in this space. Light switch did not move when attempting to turn on."
427 CONVENIENT MART	93.0	"6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Several flies were flying around the hot dog warmer. Control insects using appropriate measures to prevent entry and contamination of food and equipment., 5-501.113 Provide a trash can with a lid for outside use. A trash on side of building has no lid. The trash can Also, the main dumpster lid was open, and no trash was being added at the time., 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - On the 3-compartment sink drainboard was a box with e-cigarette chemicals. Utensils were in the sink. Box was removed. Ensure that chemicals are left off of equipment to prevent contamination of equipment, utensils, and worki, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - The microwave has food splashes in it, but has not been used today according to employee. Clean microwaves at least daily to prevent accumulation of food debris., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) is on duty today. The only employee present shall have a CFPM certification when working with and serving food."
427 CONVENIENT MART	92.5	"6-101.11 Surface Characteristics - Indoor Areas - The partial wall that was erected at the gaming stations now has chains to prevent customer access. However the painted wood has cracks and rough-cut areas. Smooth these areas to provide a smooth and easily cleanable surface. Also, the cabinet and doors of the prep table have stains from food. Cabinets shall be non-absorbent. Cover and smooth the side areas of the formica countertop., 3-602.11 Food Labels - No labels are present on the chitterling containers. Labels shall be applied that provide the following: 1) common name of the food; 2) list of ingredients in descending order of predominance by weight; 3) net quantity; 4) name and place of distributor, 5) name of any allergens if food has them., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Containers of various chemical bottles are stored above the 3-compartment sink drainboard. Keep these containers below equipment, and utensils, to prevent contamination., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager was present during inspection. Establishment shall have a CFPM on duty at all times when food is prepared for service to customers., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - The only employee available was not a designated PIC during which TCS foods were being held hot in warmers. Establishment shall have a PIC designated person present when food is actively being held hot for service., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Repackaged chitterlings did not have dates on them regarding when they were packaged. Ensure labels are maintained on these products that indicate when products were packaged. Chitterlings are fully cooked product., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the  IDW Display cooler, two contianers of chitterlings were 45 F and 43.5 F. Requested all be removed from this cooler. Employee did not know when they were packaged. All were moved to the Superior cooler. Keep TCS foods at 41 F or less at all times."
A G COX MIDDLE SCHOOL CAFETERIA	97.0	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in dry storage room is 6-8 foot candles and shall be 10 foot candles. Lighting at can wash in chemical storage room is 5 foot candles and shall be 20 foot candles. Replace blown bulb in dry storage and increase overall lighting in chemical storage room., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Holes in brick walling next to ice machine and inside of chemical storage/mop dump room. Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair and easily cleanable. Have holes filled., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Shelving in small walk-in cooler is rusting. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair, have racks replaced or repainted.  4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Sanitize compartment at 3 compartment sink is pitting at the bottom. The patches on the wash compartment at the 3 compartment sink needs to be redone so they&#39;re smooth &amp;amp; cleanable around them. Equipment shall be in good repair and easily cleanable., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed burgers in hot box (2) at 120-130F. TCS foods shall be held at 135F and above while hot holding. Had PIC use these burgers before the burgers in the other hot box and they were all used within the inspection. CDI. Ensure hot box is being turned up high enough to maintain the burgers above 135F."
A W C	99.0	2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection does not have an ANSI accredited food protection certification.
ABRAM&#39;S	83.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Sanitizer for wiping cloths in front service area held above 200 ppm CL. Sanitizer for wiping cloths must be held at effective concertation. CDI: sanitizer remade to 50-100ppm., 4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - Wash solution for manual ware washing used at less than 110F. Manual ware washing water must be a minimum of 110F. CDI: washed water remade. Dishes to be cleaned stored in correct storage area today., 3-302.15 Washing Fruits and Vegetables - Observed employee obtain unwashed onions from walk in unit and proceed to cut and prep product prior to washing. Produce must be washed prior to cutting or prep. CDI: cut onions discarded and remaining onions washed., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Grease accumulation and debris present along ground surrounding outdoor waste dumpsters. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean and free of debris.  5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Cardboard waste receptacle open due to excess waste. Keep all outdoor waste receptacles closed or covered with tight fitting lid when not in immediate use., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Open container of over cleaner stored in prep area with frying baskets and equipment. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food and equipment. CDI: bottle removed., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sink in women&#39;s restroom not provided hot water at minimum 100F. Hot water at hand sink currently out of service. Hand sinks must be provided hot water at minimum 100F., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Shelving in clean equipment and utensils storage areas observed with soil accumulation. Equipment and utensils must be stored in a clean dry location., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all ventilation systems clean.  6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee personal belongings stored with facility products in storage and in prep areas. Store all employee items in designated areas.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal beverages stored with facility product sin stora, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Ching equipment, holding equipment, prep areas, shelving, bulk containers, and shelving throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Floors and walls throughout facility in need of repair. Keep all physical faculties in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, and ceilings throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In meat walk in unit, pasteurized eggs stored below raw shell eggs, Raw sausage stored above whole muscle pork, and raw sausage stored above smoked sausage. Foods must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination. CDI: items moved to correct storage orders., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Chicken and smoked sausage on front service line held below 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: Items reheated in oven to minimum 165F., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Nozzles of beverage dispenser in drive thru station observed with black accumulation on inside portions. Beverage nozzles shall be cleaned at manufacturer&#39;s specified frequency or at sufficient frequency to prevent soil accumulation., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Times for raw shell eggs and breakfast items in hot holding unit held on TPHC not documented. When TPHC is used, times must be documented to ensure correct use or disposition. CDI: Breakfast items discarded and time documented for raw shell eggs., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee transition from handling raw animal products to ready to eat foods without changing gloves or washing hands. Employee handled raw shell eggs and acquired cheese for product from bulk container without hand washing step. When switching from raw animal products to ready to eat foods, hands must be washed. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Employee removed gloves and washed hands.  All cheese in bulk container discarded. Employee followed effective hand wa"
AFFORDABLE SUITES OF AMERICA - GREENVILLE NC	95.5	".1825(e): Outside openings shall be properly screened. Some screens seen torn or damaged on exterior windows., .1824(b): Equipment and utensils shall be kept clean. Dishes in room 107 found with food debris and pink residue. Dishes had not been cleaned. Room had been cleaned and was ready for guests. Manager notified housekeeping of the dishes., .1826(f): Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. In 1st floor storage room old bracket holes seen in walls, drywall is damaged near the employee restroom door frame, some holes seen in ceiling, wall around piping near front door is damaged, and there is a hole in wall under the hand sink in the employee restroom. Flooring around toilet in employee restroom is in poor repair. In 2nd floor storage room, repair the wall damage across from the hot water heaters.  .1826(f): Concrete steps"
AGGIE&#39;S CAFE	92.0	"6-403.11 Designated Areas-Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking/smoking - Observed employee personal food stored inside of reach-in coolers, walk-in coolers, and reach-in freezers. Employee personal items shall be labeled employee only or designate an area in refrigeration for employee foods only. Employee food is taking up a lot of refrigeration space, keep employee food to a minimum., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Observed wet wiping cloths stored on sinks and counters, keep cloths inside a properly mixed sanitizer between uses. Sanitizer in sani buckets tested at 100ppm quaternary ammonia, buckets were changed and tested at 300ppm quaternary ammonia. CDI., 5-403.12 Other Liquid Wastes and Rainwater - Condensation line from walk-in cooler condenser was dripping in a container on the ground. The condensation line shall drained to a sewage drain. Reroute to nearby drai, 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Observed chest freezer in back storage room that is not commercial or classified for sanitation by ANSI accredited program, have chest freezer removed.  4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Prep cooler is not properly cold holding food at 41F and below, have technician repair unit. Walk-in refrigerator door will not seal along the lower portion of the door near the gasket. Have door repaired so that it properly seals., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed raw chicken, ground beef, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, sliced cheese in prep cooler at 47F. Cold held TCS food shall be held at 41F and below. TCS foods that were not put in the cooler within the last hour were discarded and TCS food will be held for 4 hours and discarded until unit is repaired. CDI., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed raw chicken stored over pre cooked meats in reach-in freezer, observed raw chicken stored above raw shrimp in 2 door reach-in cooler, and observed un-opened package of roast beef deli meat stored beside raw beef in 2 door reach-in cooler. Foods shall be stacked in refrigeration by their minimum safe final cooking temperatures. Foods were re-arranged during inspection. CDI., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Observed employee wash their hands for ~5 seconds. Ensure all employees are trained on proper hand washing procedures: wash hands under warm water with soap for 20 seconds and use hand towel to turn off faucet. CDI."
AGGIE&#39;S EXPRESS GRILL	82.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Fan in walk in showing signs of dust accumulation and gaskets of prep units have food debris. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Wet wiping cloth held wet in prep cooler and wiping cloths in solution in prep sink at less than 50 ppm Cl. When held wet, wiping cloths must be held in sanitizer solutions of effective concentration., 3-501.13 Thawing - 3 large packages of raw chicken thawing in open air in 3 compartment sink. Outside of chicken exceeded 41F and middle of chicken still partially frozen. Effective thawing methods must be used. CDI: discussed correct thawing procedures with employees. discussed thawing using running water at 70F or below or thawing in walk in cooler. Chicken placed in walk in freezer until needed., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Chicken and cooked onions cooling sitting on prep table. Per discussion with employee, chicken and onions cooked about 2 hours before inspection. Products still within cooling time parameters. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid removal from temperature danger zone. CDI: Products moved to walk in freezer to cool rapidly., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Some chilies and one carrot in walk in cooler showing signs of decay and evidence of microbial growth. Foods must be unadulterated and safe to eat. CDI: products discarded., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting in walk in at 4-8 foot candles (ft-cd) 30 in above floor. Provide at least 10 ft-cd in this area. Lighting at 7-28 ft-cd in main cooking area. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in this area.  6-403.11 Designated Areas-Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking/smoking - Several employee foods observed intermingles with facility products. Designated areas must be made for employee food to prevent contamination of facility foods., 5-501.11 Outdoor Storage Surface - Outdoor dumpster and grease receptacle stored on gravel and soil. Outdoor waste receptacles must be stored on impermeable surfaces curbed and sloped to drain., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw shrimp stored above ready to eat foods in bottom of prep unit and raw sausages stored directly above bread and tortillas in walk in unit. Foods must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperatures and ready to eat status. CDI: products moved to correct storage orders., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Chicken seasoning and sugar in shakers in grill area observed not labeled. When removed from original container, products must be labeled unless clear and obvious, such as dry rice., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during operation., 2-103.11(M) Person in Charge-Duties - No written or oral employee health policy available today. Employees and management must be knowledgeable of reportable symptoms and diseases. Corrected during inspection (CDI): employee health policy left on site today. Recommend posting on wall., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Employee observed turning off water with bare hands after washing. Effective hand washing procedure must be followed to ensure hands are thoroughly cleaned and to prevent recontamination. CDI: educated employee on correct hand washing procedure.  2-301.15 Where to Wash - Observed one employee wash hands in dish/prep sink. Per discussion with employee, prep sink is used for hand washing when other hand sink is occupied or &quot;in case of emergency&quot; Hands must be washed i"
AGGIE&#39;S EXPRESS GRILL	93.0	"4-303.11 Cleaning Agents and Sanitizers, Availability - Sanitizer shall be provided and available for use during all operation hours. The only bucket of sanitizer available during inspection tested below 50 ppm on test strips. CDI - new sanitizer mixed., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on floors inside walk-in cooler and next to walk-in cooler closest to cook line where walk-in seal at the floor is moldy.  6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - Facility shall be free of unnecessary items. Remove unused equipment next to the back door outside., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on hood system above the fryers and grill, fronts of the fryer and grill, and tables underneath fryers and grill. In addition, cleaning needed on door seals of the prep unit., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage -  In-use utensils may be stored in foods with handles sticking out. Observed containers without handles stored in vegetables at prep unit and in the rice container next to the walk-in cooler. Do not store containers without handles in foods to prevent contamination from hands., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored below ready-to-eat foods and foods shall be covered in storage. Observed raw beef stored on top of a box of cheese in the walk-in cooler. Tray of eggrolls uncovered in the walk-in freezer. CDI - beef relocated, eggrolls covered."
AGGIE&#39;S FINCH	94.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces throughout establishment: on handles of coolers/freezers, outsides of coolers/freezers, inside bottom of prep cooler, inside of chest freezers, on fronts/sides of cooking equipment, inside of hood system, and on outsides of dry storage containers. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 6-201.11 Floors, Walls and Ceilings - Cleanability - Corner trimming needed to walling above prep cooler. Where FRP connects is not smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable. Gap present between door framing at entrance of kitchen, fill gapping so that it&#39;s easily cleanable. Physical facilities shall be easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring and walls throughout kitchen. Ensure wall and flooring under equipment and cooking equipment is clean, 3-501.13 Thawing - Observed chicken, beef and shrimp being thawed out at room temperature and parts of the food was exceeding 41F. Thawing shall be done inside of refrigeration or under 70F or less running water. If thawing under 70F running water then food shall not exceed 41F for longer then 4 hours. All were moved to reach-in cooler during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed shredded lettuce in walk-in cooler at 50F and sliced tomato on walk-in cooler at 48F. TCS foods shall be held at 41F and below. Walk-in cooler is not holding food at 41F and below. Do not use walk-in cooler to hold TCS food until it can maintain food at 41F and below. Lettuce and tomatoes were discarded. CDI., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed packages of raw meats stored directly on one another in chest freezer (beef on packages of chicken and both stored directly next to fish). Separate meats in freezer so that raw meats with different final cooking temperatures are being kept separated. Observed bags of raw chicken stored above containers of raw broccoli and shrimp in 1 door reach-in freezer. Stack foods in both refrigeration and freezer by th, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed fried rice in container at 120-130F. Ensure rice is being maintained at 135F and above while hot holding. Rice was discarded. CDI."
AJ MCMURPHY&#39;S	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Observed food and dried debris on door seals of cold holding units.  Large cold prep unit has food debris and water has started to pool at bottom.
AMC FIRETOWER 12	95.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Upper portion of ice machine shield and door of ice machine in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed to steamer unit since previous inspection., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single service containers stored directly on floor in dry storage areas. Single service articles must be stored at least 6 inches above the floor. CDI: containers elevated., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Spray bottle of cleaning chemical stored directly on food product sin dry storage area. Chemicals must be store din such a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: cleaning chemical removed., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - Priority item observed during inspection and no certified food protection manager present. PIC must demonstrate requirements of safe food handling practices via certification or maintaining facility free of priority violations."
AMF EAST CAROLINA LANES #145	88.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Base coving detached in some areas. Holes present in walls in bar and rear prep areas. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in reach in unit areas at 11-17 foot candles and 11 foot candles at rear hand sink. Provide at least 50 foot candles of light in all food handling areas.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal foods stored with facility products in rear storage area and walk in unit. Store all employee foods in designated areas.  6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee personal articles, 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Quaternary ammonia sanitizer provided by dispenser at 3 compartment sink for sanitizing food contact surfaces provided at excess of 500 ppm. Possible excess sanitizer residue observed on several containers. Verification required. Will verify by 2/20/2022, 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Container of pickles and some produce observed with signs of microbial growth. Foods must be kept safe and free of spoilage. CDI: products discarded., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning of cold holding equipment, shelving, containers, and storage areas needed throughout facility. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single service cups stored directly on floor in bar area. Store all single service articles at least 6 inches above the floor., 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - No hand soap provided at hand sink near walk in freezer. Hand cleanser shall be provided at all hand washing areas. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Soap provided, 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Several containers and other food contact surfaces observed with sticky residue. Some bowls and containers observed with food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from spoilage.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Nozzles of beverage dispenser and roof of ice machine in need of cleaning. Beverage dispensers and ice machines must be cleaned at sufficient f, 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Packages of hot dogs in bottom of main prep unit and cooked broccoli in walk in unit not date marked. Incorrect date label provided for nacho cheese and chili in dispensers. Unless otherwise exempted by this code, ready to eat foods prepared, thawed, or unpackaged and held longer than 24 hours must be date marked. CDI: correct date provided for cheese and chili. Broccoli and hot dogs discarded."
ANCHALEE THAI RESTAURANT	93.5	"6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Various employee foods and a computer were sitting on the prep table where raw chicken was being bagged and breaded. Discussed removing personal belongings, including employee drink and food, when processing foods., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - The hot water in both restrooms was ran for several minutes, but reached maximum temperatures of 63-68 F. Also, the front kitchen hand sink reached 58 F, and the hand sink at the back door reached 55 F. Owner stated a mixing valve may need replacement. Adjust water temperature to provide at least 100 F hot water at these hand sinks., 3-304.11 Food Contact with Equipment, Utensils, and Linens - Par-cooked chicken was being stored in cardboard boxes after cook step. Discussed replacing these containers with suitable containers designed for food contact. Only utensils that are cleaned and sanitized multi-use containers, or single-use or single-service articles designed for food contact shall be used to contact food., 3-401.14 Non-Continuous Cooking of Raw Animal Foods - Discussed with PIC the chicken par-cooking observed upon arrival. While one piece of chicken measured above 165 F, several other pieces measured between 117 F - 150 F. PIC stated this is the intent, to partially cook chicken. Discussed procedures required for the cooking step, and required Regulatory Authority approval. Chicken was placed in the walk-in cooler to cool. Provided requirements for written procedure. Provide written procedure for, 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee cracked raw shell eggs for cooking for an order, but did not stop and change gloves and wash hands prior to continuing to cook the order. Discussed with PIC, who instructed the employee to stop cooking, discard gloves, and wash hands. Employees shall wash hands between changing tasks from handling raw animal foods to cooking orders."
ANDYS REC &amp; GRILL CENTER	91.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Handle of ice scoop observed contacting ice in ice bin. IN use utensils smut be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: scoop removed., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking area and equipment in need of cleaning to remove food and grease accumulation. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean./ Significant cleaning observed in cooking area since previous inspection., 4-204.112Temperature Measuring Devices - Functionality - No ambient air thermometer provided in under grill cooler. Mechanical refrigeration units shall be provided a temperature measuring device in the warmest location. CDI: thermometer provided., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods -  Floors throughout kitchen and restroom areas in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair. 55  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls throughout kitchen and restroom areas in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In reach in freezer, unpackaged frozen comminuted beef products stored directly above uncovered containers of fries and tots. Unless hermetically sealed, product sin freezers must be stored according to ready to eat status and safe minimum cook temperature. CDI: items moved to correct storage orders., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee break raw shell egg and proceed to handle ready to eat foods without changing gloves or washing hands. Observed employee break raw shell eggs with gloved hands and change gloved for handling ready to eat foods without washing hands. Hand s must be washed when switching tasks or after engaging in activities that potentially contaminate the hands. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Contacted food products discarded. Employees washed hands. Reviewed when to, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Raw shell eggs on counter top, sliced cheese previous stored on prep top, and TCS products in under grill cooler held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: cheese left in prep unit for cooling. Eggs discarded. Under grill cooler removed from service. Do not store TCS products in under grill unit until capable of holding TCS products at 41F or below."
ANGUS GRILL	92.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean floors around and under beverage station that have grime buildup. Clean floor in walk-in cooler. Clean floors around ice machine and dish machine to remove scale and grime buildup as well., 4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - The quaternary ammonia test strips available were not usable, as they were damaged. Test strips were discarded. A new test strip package was brought to this location toward end of inspection. Ensure that test strips are maintained to ensure they can be used as needed., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting -  (C) Light under the hood is as low as 25 ft-cd , from steamer to fryers, and 30-40 ft-cd at adjacent prep tables and cold prep unit. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in these locations., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - In the walk-in cooler, a plastic container of cut tomatoes was cooling, and cooled from 44.6 F to 43.9 F in 28 minutes (rate of 0.025 F/minute). Container had a plastic lid on it. Employee placed product in a stainless steel pan and left loosely covered. Use rapid cooling techniques to rapidly cool TCS foods at rate of 0.12 F/minute or higher., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - A rack in the walk-in cooler is rusting and peeling. Refinish or replace these racks. Sinks were repaired from previous inspection., 3-305.11 Food Storage-Preventing Contamination from the Premises - A box of fries was sitting on the floor in the walk-in freezer. Keep food off the floor to prevent contamination. Box was placed on a rack., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1) In the Grill cooler, packages of portioned cooked brisket were stored in the same container with raw hamburger patties. Discussed storage order, and cooked brisket bags were removed and placed into a separate container. Keep ready-to-eat foods stored separate raw animal foods., 3-301.11 Preventing Contamination from Hands - An employee used bare hands to handle a tomato slice and lettuce for a sandwich. Discussed with employee, who rewashed hands and put on gloves for this task. Products were discarded. Ensure that employees use a barrier such as tongs, gloves, or other device to prevent bare-hand contact with ready-to-eat foods."
ANGUS GRILL	95.5	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Clean the single-use cup holder at the packing station of food debris, and wipe with lid holder at the drink station to remove lint and debris., 4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - No quaternary ammonia test strips were available. Provide test strips. Will return by 1/14/2022 to verify., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the shelves on front table below that have grime and food debris., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - The ice scoop holder had debris in it. Keep the ice scoop holder clean to prevent ice contamination., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cups of potato salad that were cupped this morning were sitting in the top of the left cold prep unit, and stacked two high. Two cups were 50-49 F. All cups were placed in the bottom of the cooler. Use rapid cooling methods, including loose covers, to allow rapid cooling of TCS foods., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the True cold prep unit on left, two containers of shredded cheese and diced tomatoes were 42 F. Air temperature of the cooler was 38 F. Lid was up, and pan for shredded cheese was slightly high sitting in additional pan. Lid was closed, and products were moved to bottom of cooler. Ensure that TCS foods remain at 41 F or less during storage."
ANGUS GRILL #2	98.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Some light cleaning needed behind line equipment. Significant improvement from last inspection. 6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - Facility shall be free of items unnecessary to establishment, including un-used equipment. Conveyor oven is not being used and collecting dust and grime on kitchen line. Remove from facility., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Clean dishes and equipment shall be air dried after sanitizing. Observed some stacks of wet dishes on the clean dish storage shelf. CDI - employee separated wet dishes to allow to air dry., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Chemicals shall be labeled with common name in working containers. No label on a bottle containing blue chemical in dish area. CDI - bottle labeled."
ANGUS GRILL #3	93.0	"3-302.15 Washing Fruits and Vegetables - Observed employee cutting tomatoes out of the box without washing them. Vegetables that do not come pre-washed shall be washed below cutting. CDI., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Condensation line on 2 door freezer is cracked and leaking, replace or repair condensation line. Doors on 2 door maximum cooler are not sealing properly causing air to escape at the bottom of the doors. Gaskets on unit do not look like they fit properly.  Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Observed employee with facial hair without a hair restraint when starting inspection. Employee put on beard guard during inspection. Employees with facial hair that handles food shall wear a beard guard. CDI., 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to door frames of refrigeration, gaskets of refrigeration, inside the lid of the prep cooler, fronts/sides of cooking equipment, etc. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors and walls behind equipment throughout kitchen. Ensure equipment is being moved and cleaned behind regularly. Physical facilities shall be cleaned often enough to be kept clean.  6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Baseboard coving behind cook line is falling off the wall, have coving repaired. Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair and easily cleanable., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Observed hand towels sitting on can wash beside hand sink in kitchen and missing hand towels in women&#39;s restroom. Hand sinks shall be provided with hand towels and towels shall be kept on a clean surface. Towels provided in women&#39;s restroom and towels moved to table in kitchen. CDI., 3-501.18 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Disposition. - Observed coleslaw and marinara sauce both post their 7 day date mark. Ensure ready to eat TCS food is being discarded within 7 days of making/opening from manufacture packaging. That&#39;s the date opened/made + 6 days. All discarded during inspection. CDI."
ANITA&#39;S MEXICAN RESTAURANT	95.0	"4-201.11 Equipment and Utensils - Durability and Strength - Observed household storage bins used for food containers. Those containers are not durable, replace with food grade containers.  4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gasket on cooler door of small freezer/cooler combo unit is torn. Have gasket replaced., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed thinly sliced beef that had been sliced 30 minutes to an hour before I arrived cooling in a very large plastic container with the lid on it. The beef was 55-56F. Ensure foods are being cooled in small portions with containers vented for maximum cooling. The beef shall be cooled down to 41F within 4 hours.  The beef was moved to 4 separate smaller containers to rapidly cool. Beef cooled from 56F to 45F within next hour. CDI.  3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed, 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed dishes wet stacked on drain board and clean storage rack. Allow dishes to adequately air dry before stacking them on one another. Employee separated the dishes to allow them to dry during inspection. CDI., 5-203.12 Toilets and Urinals - Toilet in men&#39;s restroom has a broken lid, have lid repaired or replaced. Fixtures shall be in good repair., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection does not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed food handling employees handle their phones with their bare and gloved hands without washing their hands after. Ensure hand washing is done before putting on new glove or handling food. Employees washed their hands one instructed during inspection. CDI."
ANITAS TAQUERIA Y MAS	92.5	"5-402.14 Removing Mobile Food Establishment Wastes - Large hole in waste water tank on bottom of mobile food unit. Waste water leaking out of tank and flowing on the ground. Because of hole, tank is unable to hold waste water. Intent to suspend issued., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw tilapia and raw chorizo stored on top shelf of reach in unit and sitting on top of cheese and ready to eat shrimp. Both raw animal products moved from ready to eat foods. Discussed storage order with manager. Keep food stored according to minimum cook temperature and ready to eat status., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Pork held in deep metal pan on cook top at 75 degrees F. Pork was reheated to 170 degrees F. Recommend frequent stirring or holding cold and portioning when needed. Keep all TCS food held hot at 135 degrees F or above."
ARBYS  #8000	95.0	"6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - There is a large gap under the women&#39;s restroom hand sink in the corner at floor/wall juncture. Floors that are not flush have no larger than 1 millimeter gap, and floors that are flush cleaned shall have gaps sealed to prevent water entry.  6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Repair the cracked tiles and grout in the women&#39;s restroom under the hand sink, and the corner of the wall in the, 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Several chemical bottles in location were not stored in designated areas and with single use and single service items in food service areas.  Chemicals shall be stored so that they cannot contaminate food, equipment, single use and single service items.  Corrected during inspection, PIC removed bottles and stored in designated areas., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Sauce bottles stored clean had food residue and debris.  Food contact surfaces of equipment and utensils shall be clean to the sight and touch.  Corrected during inspection, PIC removed bottles to be clean and sanitized., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the reach in freezer by fry station, open bag of uncooked chicken was stored above open bags of fries and onion rings.  Food shall be protected from contamination by arranging food properly in equipment.  Corrected during inspection, PIC arranged items to proper storage."
ARBYS #8048	98.5	"3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - The shake mix in the Taylor soft-serve machine was reading 50-55 F, despite the draw from the dispenser reading 24 F. General Manager removed the unit for service. Do not use this equipment until it can demonstrate holding TCS foods at 41 F or less at all times."
ASH CONVENIENCE MART	88.5	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Flooring in food service area is in poor repair due to removing portion of flooring to remove motor in McCray cooler. Repair flooring so that it&#39;s smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring and walling to remove splash/build-up. Physical facilities shall be kept clean., 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to shelving above 2 compartment sink to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean., 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Observed bagged and containers of coffee grinds stored next to chemicals below 2 compartment sink. Keep coffee stored in areas away from chemicals and other sources of contamination. Coffee moved under prep counter. CDI., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - The 2-compartment sink was very dirty with mold in both compartments. Sink was cleaned. Ensure sink is cleaned as often as necessary to preclude accumulation of mold., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No employees have a Certified Food Protection Manager certification. A list of courses was provided. Establishment shall have a CFPM on duty when preparing or serving food., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the McCray Display cooler, two cartons of raw shell eggs meant to sell to consumers were stored on shelving above hot dogs and precooked sandwiches. Keep raw food products stored down below precooked foods. Moved to lower shelving away from precooked foods during inspection. CDI., 4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment - Inside of microwave in need of cleaning to remove food debris build-up. Microwave shall be cleaned daily.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Shakers used to hold sugar for coffee had build-up on and inside them. Shaker shall be be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up."
ATAVOLA	94.0	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 50 foot candles in all food prep and handling areas and at least 20 foot candles in handwashing and warewashing areas. Lighting at bar ice bin and bar handsink is too low. Increase lighting in these areas. Recommend an LED light strip underneath bar above handsink and ice bin., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Repair/replace broken floor tiles in dish area. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on floors behind line equipment and on wall behind pizza prep unit where there is visible food splatter. Floors need cleaning in dish area underneath sinks and shelving., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on door seals of each cold holding unit on the line, interior of units, floors in walk-in freezer and shelving in the walk-in cooler., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seals torn on the grill drawers and the walk-in freezer door. Grill drawers not shutting properly and unit is not holding TCS foods at or below 41F. Dish drying shelving is rusty. Microwave on line is missing it&#39;s handle. Several broken handles/lids on prep units and reach-ins.  4-501.12 Cutting Surfaces - Cutting surfaces shall be in good repair and easily cleanable. Majority of cutting boards, 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be rapidly cooled using approved methods. Pasta noodles cooling in plastic bags tightly wrapped and condensation was observed inside bags. Recommend cooling pasta completely before portioning in plastic bags. CDI - noodle bags opened., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods shall be held cold at 41F or below. Grill drawers holding foods above 41F. Some of the drawers are not able to shut properly possibly causing rise in temperatures inside. Cold air blowing 37F inside unit. Door seals torn on this unit which can also lead to cold air loss. Will return by 12/30/21 to verify unit is holding TCS foods 41F or below."
AU BON PAIN AT ECU MCSC	98.0	"3-305.12 Food Storage, Prohibited Areas - Food shall not be stored under leaks. Container of chicken salad in large prep unit had liquid on plastic wrap. When container was removed, observed wet rag inside unit dripping liquid. PIC said they were aware of the leak. CDI - chicken salad discarded., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored separately from food, clean equipment/utensils, and single-use items. Observed bulk container of hand soap stored above single-use items and the slicer. CDI - hand soap relocated."
AUNTIE ANNE&#39;S PRETZELS	95.0	"5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Plumbing shall be kept in good repair. Repair leaks at handsink and 3-comp sink in back prep area. Piping at handsink is out of the wall and leaks onto the floor. PIC placed bucket underneath to catch water. Wor, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Handsinks may only be used for handwashing and shall not have any storage. Observed scissors and a drink in handsink. CDI - items removed., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall have the common name written. Observed one bottle of cleaner with no label on it. CDI - bottle labeled. 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from or be"
AYDEN COURT NURSING &amp; REHABILITATION CENTER	94.0	"5-501.114 Using Drain Plugs - No drain plug provided for outdoor dumpster. provide drain plug., 3-501.13 Thawing - Hot water from pipe leak entering into container for thawing frozen raw pork chops. Water in container used for thawing at 86f. Water from faucet at 57F, but hot water entering container increased temperature. effective thawing methods must be used to ensure product is thawed safely and to prevent prolonged periods in temperature danger zone. CDI: Pork chops moved from hot water spilling area and cold water replaced and ice provided., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Significant leak present in hot water know of prep sink. Maintain all plumbing in good repair., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cooked eggs cooling in deep metal pan tightly covered with plastic wrap in reach in unit. Temperature of product changed less than 1 degree after 21 minutes of cooling. effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: Product split between two pans and placed into ice baths., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Sanitizer provision at 3 compartment sink provided at less than effective concentration. During observation, quaternary ammonia sanitizer provided at less than 100 ppm. Sanitizers must be used at effective concentration to ensure food contact surfaces are effectively sanitized. Verification required. will verify by 3/17/2022 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, N, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Most TCS food temperature observations in walk in unit at 42-43F. Some products in unit at less than 41F, but inconsistent temperature observations observed in unit. Per discussion with PIC, walk in unit has been left open for prolonged durations during previous prep. Discussed keeping unit closed to maintain temperature compliance. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. Verification r"
AYDEN COURT NURSING &amp; REHABILITATION CENTER - (Lodging)	96.0	".1319(b), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Soiled linen container in hallway not labeled soiled linen. Receptacles for soiled linen must be labeled., .1311(b) or (c) Lighting, Ventilation and Moisture Control - Black accumulation nd dust accumulation observed on air vents throughout facility. Ventilation equipment shall be kept clean, .1318(c) Miscellaneous - Pill crushers on medication carts observed with some pill debris. Disposable cups for pull crushes stored with pill contact portion facing upwards. Keep all items on pill carts clean and unused medication cups shall be kept covered or inverted., .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Walls throughout facility observed with damage and/or peeling/damaged paint and wall paper. Base coving in some areas detached from walls. Walls shall be kept in good repair."
AYDEN ELEMENTARY CAFETERIA	97.0	"3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Milk in large, stand alone milk cooler held above 41F. Milks in this unit held at 47-50F. Products towards bottom of unit at 47F but milks higher in container held at 48-50F. Thermometer of milk unit indicates ambient air temperature of 39F, but all TCS products inside of unit above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. All milk in unit discarded. Do not use unit until capable of"
AYDEN GOLF &amp; COUNTRY CLUB	95.5	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting under hood above griddle at 31-39 foot candles. Light under hood currently not functioning. Provide at least 50 foot candles of light in all food handling areas. Significant increase to lighting in main prep area has been provided., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Some areas of walls in rear prep area observed with hole. Keep all physical facilities in good repair. Significant repair has been conducted to flooring since previous inspection.  6-101.11 Surface Characteristics - Indoor Areas - Acoustic ceiling tile present in ceiling of mop pit closet. Provide surface that is smooth, nonabsorbent, and easily cleanable in this area., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Inside of microwave, toaster oven, and cooking equipment in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed to hood and cooking area since previous inspection., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Chute of beverage dispenser in need of cleaning to remove black accumulation. Ice machine must be cleaned at manufacturer&#39;s specified frequency or frequently enough to prevent soil accumulation. Nozzles of dispenser clean today., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In main prep unit, raw shell eggs stored directly above ready to eat foods and in reach in freezer, unpackaged raw chicken stored above unpackaged fires. Foods must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination. CDI: Items moved to correct storage locations."
AYDEN GRIFTON HIGH SCHOOL	99.5	"6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - Out of order reach in cold holding unit present in kitchen area. Per discussion with PIC, unit has been designated for removal, but has not yet been removed. Cooler not in use during inspection today. The premises shall be free of items that are unnecessary to the operation or maintenance of the establishment such as equipment that is nonfunctional or no longer used."
AYDEN MIDDLE SCHOOL CAFETERIA	99.5	3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Green beans in reach in unit cooling tightly covered with plastic wrap. No change in temperature observed after 26 minutes fo cooling and condensation accumulation observed on plastic wrap. Effective cooling methods must be sued to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: discussed cooling methods with PIC. Container vented fro more effective cooling.
B&#39;S  BARBECUE #1	92.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored in food with scoop handles sticking out. Sugar scoop handle is lying in the sugar., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting intensity shall be at least 50 foot candles in food prep areas, at least 20 foot candles at handwashing and warewashing areas, and at least 10 foot candles in dry storage. Lighting is too low in areas specified in observations chart., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be in good repair. Floors peeling up underneath 3-comp sink and around steam table legs. Large hole in ceiling above right restroom door from leak.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on ceiling in prep area of visible food splash. Cleaning needed on floors, walls, and ceilings of supplemental cooking room where heavy cha, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Each walk-in have damaged floors and walls that need to be repaired., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from food and single-use items to prevent contamination. Large container of dish detergent stored above cans of food in dry storage. CDI - detergent relocated., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be on-site during all food prep and service. No CFPM available., 5-203.13 Service Sink - Facility shall have service sink for cleaning of mops and disposal of mop water. Facility does not have service sink."
BAD DADDY&#39;S BURGER BAR	95.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored in foods with handles extending out of food. Observed scoop handle lying in pineapple salsa and in sugar., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Maintain access to handsinks. Observed a large immersion blender stored in the prep line handsink. CDI - blender removed., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Significant cleaning needed on floors underneath and behind cooking equipment and prep coolers on the line, underneath shelving in the walk-in freezer, around and behind bulk ice machine, and next to ice cream machine in the bar area., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on seals and edges of grill drawers, insides of prep coolers and freezers, shelving in the walk-in cooler, floors of the walk-in freezer, and inside of prep cooler doors, all where food debris has accumulated., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods shall be held cold at 41F or below. Items in the flip top prep cooler and in fryer wing cooler were above 41F. Dial inside appeared to have been turned warmer in prep cooler and door was not closed well on the fryer wing cooler. CDI - dial adjusted and door left shut and temperatures began dropping during inspection."
BAGELMAN	93.0	"3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens. - A consumer advisory shall include reminder and disclosure. Disclosure shall include identification of the animal-derived foods by asterisking them to a foot note that states the items are served raw or undercooked. Menu item &quot;Breakfast Special on Croissant&quot; does not have an asterisk next to eggs in description like the rest of the menu items when eggs are serve undercooked. There, 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Foods held for TPHC shall be labeled with the time removed from cold holding and be discarded at the 4 hour mark. Eggs on TPHC by grill were not labeled with time removed from cold holding, about 20 minutes prior. CDI - eggs time-stamped., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Potentially hazardous foods shall be held cold at 41F or below. Left Turbo Air air screen unit for self-service holding foods above 41F. Internal thermometer reads 44F. Unit needs to be repaired or turned down. Will return by 8/6/2021 to verify unit is working properly., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - A certified food protection manager shall be onsite during all food prep and handling. No CFPM present today., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Food employees shall wash their hands and change their gloves when switching from raw to ready-to-eat foods. Observed employee at the grill crack an egg and then place cooked egg on sandwich and touch sandwich with gloved hands with no handwashing or glove changing in between. CDI - discussed with employees and PIC about when to wash hands."
BALLARDS CROSSROADS GRILL &amp; CONVENIENCE STORE	94.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Improvement made in keep nonfood contact surfaces clean.  Light cleaning needed to remove food debris on lower shelves of cooler equipment in kitchen.  Fans in kitchen and walk in cooler need clean to remove dust buildup., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed several wet cloths laying out on prep areas.  Ensure that towels are either maintained dry or kept in effective sanitizer solution when wet., 2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Observed food employee wearing a bracelet while working with exposed food.  Employee are only permitted to wear a plain band, such as a wedding band., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Keep chemicals stored so that they do not become a source of contamination.  Bottles of chemical were hanging from splash guard between 3 comp sink and prep sink.  PIC removed these bottle and placed on storage area below sink., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Ensure sanitizer solutions are maintained at effective concentration.  Observed chlorine sanitizer bottle when tested flashed the test strip.  Concentration was too high.  PIC discarded solution.  Provide staff training on mixing sanitizer to effective concentration., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed package of cooked bbq and spaghetti meat sauce not date marked in reach in freezer.  Discussed with PIC on including prep, freeze and then when used thaw dates on these products.  PIC added dates to containers."
BAMBOO GARDEN	91.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on floors behind prep unit where single-use items have fallen and there is significant build-up. Much improvement from last inspection. 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Repair cracked floors tiles in walk-in and 3-comp sink area., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on hood baffles, shelving next to fryers, and underneath prep tables where cobwebs are present. Much improvement from last inspection., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 50 foot candles in all food prep and handling areas and at least 20 foot candles at handwashing and warewashing areas and in bathrooms. Lighting low over all food handling areas and low over handsinks and 3-comp sink. Recommend having electrician look at lighting., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seals torn on the prep unit reach-in doors. Shelving in the walk-in and above the 3-comp sink is rusty., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored in the foods with handles extending out of food. Scoop handles lying in the sugar and flour in back dry storage area., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Plumbing systems shall be kept in good repair. Faucet on wall towards middle of the cooking line is leaking from the base at the wall. Prep sink faucet and men&#39;s bathroom faucet also leaking., 6-202.15 Outer Openings, Protected - Outer openings shall be protected by screens or tight fitting doors/windows to prevent pest entry. Back door has gaps on sides and bottom where daylight is visible. 6-501. 112 Removing Dead or Trapped Birds, Insects, Rodents and other Pests - Dead pests shall be removed from facility as soon as possible. Observed one dead German cockroach in the plastic wrap box."
BANGKOK RESTAURANT	91.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the interior and exterior of the North American cold prep unit, fryers, rice warmer, oven, grinder, scale, and microwave. Mold is present on the walk-in cooler racks and and North American cold prep unit racks. Clean grease on hood and filters. Clean the True cooler of mold. Clean food debris from table and rolling cart by cook station of grease and food debris. Clean interior of the True freezer as well., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager is available. Establishment, and more particular, the PIC, shall demonstrate food safety knowledge through accredited certification program., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying towels were available in the women&#39;s restrooms and hand sink by warewashing area. Towels were replaced. Keep towels available at hand sinks to ensure hands can be dried after washing., 3-201.11 Compliance with Food Law - In the North American cold prep unit was a container of pork egg rolls that were rolled at an employee&#39;s relative&#39;s house, and then brought to the establishment. Discussed removing these from the establishment, and not serving them. Discussed only serving food that is made from ingredients available in the establishment from approved sources, and processed in the establishment. Food products must be from approved sources., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - A container of carrots in the walk-in cooler was moldy, and a container with basil leaves in the North American cold prep unit was moldy as well. Both were discarded. Ensure that food items that are prepared and ready-to-eat are maintained in safe condition to serve to consumers., 4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment - The microwave was not used today, but had food debris and splatter in the inside. Clean cooking equipment at least daily to remove food debris and material.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - The slicer blades on the grinder had food material on them. Grinder has not been used today. Clean and sanitize the grinder blades of food debris to ensure that utensil surface can be sanitized properly."
BARNES &amp; NOBLE #2775	97.5	"4-101.19 Nonfood-Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces that are exposed to splash or spillage shall be nonabsorbent. Seal or paint the exposed wood underneath espresso machine next to floor drain and exposed wood around ice bin in the syrup cabinet., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name. Observed spray bottle of sanitizer without label. CDI - bottle labeled., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed inside cabinets at service area and also inside reach-ins in the back area."
BASILS	95.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Gaskets on kitchen prep units have greasy buildup.  Storage shelves in walk in have visible buildup.  Floor, walls and ceiling of walk in have buildup that needs to be cleaned.  Nonfood contact surfaces of equipment shall be cleaned at a frequency to prevent accumulation of soil residues., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Observed buildup along walls and floors near the grill/stove and prep unit area.  Debris under prep units and tables.  Physical facilities shall be cleaned as often and necessary to keep them clean., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed wet stacking of clean and sanitized equipment and utensils.  After cleaning and sanitizing equipment and utensils shall be air dried., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC was not able to provide proof of certification as a CFPM during the time of inspection.  CFPM needs to be present during times of food preparation and service."
BATEENI MEDITERRANEAN CAFE AND GRILL	92.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Prepackaged sauces cooler and large prep unit right door have torn door seals. Walk-in freezer does not hold foods frozen and is icing up around the condenser fan. Small prep unit is reading 50F, but all the food containers were empty during inspection. Have unit repaired before using again., 5-501.17 Toilet Room Receptacle, Covered - Restrooms used by females must have a covered trash receptacle. Obtain cover for trash receptacle in women&#39;s staff restroom., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils may be stored in foods with handles extending out of food. Observed falafel tool and spoon handles in the remaining falafel mix on prep table. Bowl without handle buried in flour container in back prep area. CDI - bowl removed from flour, falfel mix was discarded., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed inside reach-in freezer on the line, as well as the door seals on the prep coolers, shelving in the walk-in cooler, prep table shelves in the back prep area, and sides of fryers., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from food and single-use items. Observed spray paint stored with single-use foil in back storage area. Bulk hand soaps stored with single-use trays in same area. CDI - chemicals relocated. 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name. Sanitizer spray bottle not labeled at the front counter. CDI - bottle labeled., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be in good repair. Repair damaged floor tiles under shelving in walk-in, at line handsink, and in front of large mixer. 6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - Facility shall be free of items unnecessary to the establishment. Storage rooms are full of unused glasses, plates, and equipment and need to be removed., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Unidentifiable foods shall be labeled with common name when not in original packaging. Container of seasoning below prep table and container of shaved coconut on prep counter not labeled. CDI - items labeled. 3-602.11 Food Labels - Food packaged in a food establishment shall be labeled according to law, with the label including common name, If made from two or more ingredients, a list of ingredients and sub-ingredients in des, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored below RTE foods and in a manner that prevents cross-contamination. Observed raw steaks stored above fully cooked gyro meat in the large prep unit, raw ground beef stored above raw steaks in the walk-in, and raw whole lamb stored leaning on top of french fries in the walk-in freezer, which was not keeping items frozen. CDI - items rearranged properly. Storage charts provided."
BAYMONT INN	93.0	".1828 (c) Clean linens stores in boxes and bags in laundry room. Store clean linen above floor on shelves or in cabinets. .1828 (e) In laundry room, soiled linen stored in unlabeled basket and on floor. Label soiled linen basket and store all soiled linen in designated area.., .1827 (g) In food storage area, can of Raid insecticide stored on shelf with sugar and other dry goods and in second floor storage area, Hot Shot insecticide stored above single service articles. Store all chemicals in a manner that prevents contamination food, food contact surfaces, linen, and single use articles., .1826 (f) Floor in guest laundry room observed stained and large hole present in wall behind ice machine in guest laundry room. In guest laundry room, large wooden board placed under vending machines to prevent floor damage. Remove wooden board. Discussed possible nonporous options with maintenance. Keep physical facilities clean and in good repair., .1828 (a) In rooms observed, some sheets, mattress pads, bed bug bags, and pillows observed stained. Keep all linens clean and in good repair."
BELVOIR CORNER STOP	90.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Some cleaning needed at bottom of back two door reach-in freezer and beside cutting surfaces of back prep table. Much improvement from last inspection., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Outdoor receptacles shall be covered to prevent pest attraction. Grease barrels near large grease bin are uncovered. Cardboard dumpster had lids open. Much improvement on cleanliness of refuse area., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seals torn on two door reach-in freezer and pizza prep unit on main cook line. Both deep freezer doors and door seals are damaged. Shelving in walk-in refrigerator is rusty., 6-202.15 Outer Openings, Protected - Outer openings shall protect from pest entry. Back door has gaps at bottom and sides of door where you can see outdoor light. Repair this door so that no gaps are present. 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Facility shall be free of pests. Observed several flies in front area and German cockroaches in back area near chest and reach-in freezers. PIC stated pest control visits twice a month and just recently did a heavy spray., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facility shall be kept in good repair. Floor is damaged next to prep tables in back area. Holes in the wall in first dry storage room near the ceiling and behind toaster on front line and behind conveyor oven in the back cook area. Wall strip missing behind griddle. Back door flooring has been replaced. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Some cleaning ne, 5-203.13 Service Sink - Facility shall have at least 1 service sink equipped with a floor drain for cleaning of mops and disposal of mop water. Water faucets at mop sink do not work, no water is hooked up to faucets., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Employees shall wash hands immediately before handling food and after any possible contamination of hands. Observed employee wipe down prep surface and put on gloves to make an order without handwashing occurring. CDI - discussed with employee and PIC about proper times to wash hands., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Heavy grease and food build-up on wire racks and metal pans in the clean dish storage area. CDI - items moved to hot soapy water. Consider purchasing new wire racks as the grease may be too caked on to be able to efficiently clean and sanitize."
BELVOIR ELEMENTARY CAFETERIA	98.5	3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Establishment must comply with written procedures for TPHC.  Observed items listed on menu report for TPHC not recorded when items were removed from temperature control.  PIC added missing time for items added to service line.  Ensure that TPHC procedures are being followed.
BEST WESTERN PLUS SUITES OF GREENVILLE	96.5	"6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed fruit flies throughout kitchen, be vigilant with pest control and consult pest specialist.  6.202.13 Insect control Devices, Design &amp;amp; Installation - Observed sticky fly traps hanging from ceiling near clean utensils and dried foods. Fly traps shall be installed in an area that clean utensils, foods, or equipment will not become contaminated., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Observed employee cleaning utensil at hand sink in kitchen when starting inspection. Hand sinks shall be used for hand washing purposes only. Utensils shall be cleaned and sanitized at 3 compartment sink. CDI  6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Men&#39;s restroom did not have hand towels available. Ensure hand towels are available at hand sinks at all times. Towel dispenser filled during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Observed eggs and sausage links in warmer at 90-110F. Hot held TCS food shall be maintained at 135F and above. PIC mentioned their breakfast was from 6-9am and all hot held food is discarded at 9am. I recommended them writing a time as a public health control procedure for their eggs and sausage. Post TPHC procedures in kitchen if implemented. Both discarded during inspection. CDI."
BEST WESTERN PLUS SUITES OF GREENVILLE	97.0	".1826(d): Lighting shall be at least 20 foot candles at all areas of equipment storage, including ice and vending machines. Lighting is low at the 2nd floor ice machine (8-10 fc). Increase lighting here to at least 20 foot candles., .1825(e): Refuse shall be stored in dumpsters that are kept covered and in good repair. One overhead door open on the garbage dumpster today. One overhead door missing on the recycling dumpster. Recommend calling the waste management company and requestin"
BETHEL ELEMENTARY CAFETERIA	98.0	"2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Observed employee at start of inspection that did not have a hair restraint on. Employee put on hair restraint as I was putting down my bags. Ensure all employees that are directly handling food are wearing approved hair restraints. CDI., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed two pans of cheeseburgers inside reach-in hot box at 110F-125F. All were reheating to ~170F inside of steamer during inspection. Ensure TCS foods are being maintained at 135F and above while hot holding unless it&#39;s being held on time as a public health control. CDI."
BILL&#39;S HOT DOGS	90.0	"4-303.11 No sanitizer appropriate for sanitizing food-contact surfaces and utensils was available; the bleach product available was labeled &quot;Fresh Scent&quot;. Manager purchased new, unscented bleach. Ensure that only appropriate bleach products are used for sanitizing food-contact surfaces., 6-201.11 Floors, Walls and Ceilings-Cleanability - The separate storage space next door is used for storage of coolers, packaged drinks, and single-use articles, as well as bread. Walls and ceilings with open insulation shall be covered with a smooth, easily cleanable surface. Ceiling tiles also that are exposing insulation and above-ceiling area shall be sealed with smooth and easily cleanable tiles, including the missing tiles. Exposed concrete shall be sealed against absorption. 3 6-501.11 Re, 4-703.11 Hot Water and Chemical - Methods - The chlorine sanitizer that was mixed for sanitizing utensils was less than 10 ppm on test strip. Sanitizer was remixed to 200 ppm. Ensure sanitizer is adequate concentration as required when using for sanitizing food-contact surfaces of equipment and utensils., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the ServWare 2-door cooler, a box of raw shell eggs was stored on shelf above cooked chili containers and pots. Manager rearranged products to put raw shell eggs on bottom shelf. Keep raw shell eggs stored below cooked and ready-to-eat foods., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee used gloved hands to pull raw sausages from the storage container, and placed one in the fryer, but placed the others back into the box. Employee removed gloves, but did not wash hands before handling other items, such as dry spice containers. Discussed with employee, who washed hands. Ensure employees understand the need to wash hands after handling raw animal foods, including after glove removal., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - A pan of hot dogs was sitting by the steam table for use as orders are received. Hot dogs were 45 F. Hot dogs were placed back into the 2-door cooler to cool down. TCS foods must be held at 41 F or less, or use TPHC for product that is intentionally kept outside of temperature control."
BILL&#39;S HOT DOGS OF GREENVILLE MOBILE UNIT 1	94.5	"6-202.15 Outer Openings, Protected - No screen door is provided for the back door. Flies were present inside, and the upper door was cracked open. Ensure that screens are used to protect outer openings if doors are left open. 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Keep flies from entering the mobile food unit by keeping doors closed until a screen is provided., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - A spray bottle with Totally Awesome cleaner in it was labeled bleach. Bottle was relabeled. Ensure chemical containers are maintained with the name of the product they contain., 5-103.12 Pressure - Upon arrival, no water was flowing to the 3-compartment sink or hand sink. Tank was not filled this morning, according to owner, and had run out during service. Water had been purchased in containers meeting 5-104.12(A) of the Food Code, but the water tank had not been refilled. Water gallons were poured into the tank using the air vent, and sufficient water was thus provided to last through service period today. Ensure water tanks are filled prior to leaving commissary., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - The hand sink was blocked with a bottle of Windex and a towel. Both were removed. Ensure hand sinks are used only for handwashing, and maintained for handwashing needs., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1) In the Tor Rey cooler, boxes of hot dogs were stored on bottom shelf below a container of raw sausages. Raw sausages were moved to bottom shelf, and hot dog boxes were moved to upper shelf. Ensure that ready-to-eat foods are stored above raw animal foods."
BISTRO BUS	96.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Walls need cleaning under the table holding the reach-in cooler to remove debris. Ceiling at the front door has dried bugs on it above the fan. Clean the ceiling here., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Gaskets on the reach-in cooler doors need cleaning today to remove mildew buildup., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - There shall be a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) available at all hours of operation. No CFPM available today."
BLACKBEARD COFFEE ROASTERS	96.0	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - A sanitizer bucket with an in-use towel in it had less than 200 ppm quaternary ammonia. Ensure quaternary ammonia is maintained at concentrations required by the manufacturer., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (E) The ice scoop holder had lots of pooled water and debris in the bottom. Holder and ice scoop were removed for cleaning. Ensure ice scoops are stored in clean locations., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (B) Light in the restroom was 11 ft-cd, and 5 ft-cd at the service sink. Provide at least 20 ft-cd in these locations., 4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - Test strips were available for the quaternary ammonia, but no color gradient was available. Provide readable test strips. Will follow-up by 3/13/2022., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Turbo Air cooler, all milk products measured 58-61 F. Cooler was unplugged. Owner plugged the cooler back in, and air temperature cooled to at least 40 F as indicated on two air thermometers. All milk products were removed and discarded. Ensure TCS foods remain at 41 F or less at all times."
BOJANGLES  #32	97.0	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Shelving in rear of facility for storing clean equipment observed with grease and food debris. Clean equipment and utensils must be stored in a clean, dry location., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Outside rims of metal containers, hood, mechanical washing component of 3 compartment sink, cooking equipment, storage shelving, and large plastic containers in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Smoked sausage in steam table unit held below 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: product discarded by PIC. All other TCS temperature observations at complaint temperatures today."
BOJANGLES #12	85.0	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - No chlorine test strips were provided. Establishment shall provide test strips to ensure accurate sanitizer concentration can be ascertained. Will follow-up by 2/04/2022., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (E) The ice scoop in the front ice bin was dropped twice in the ice, allowing the handle to touch the ice. Also, at the Takeout area, the handle for the grits was lying in the product. Do not allow handles for scoops to contact food, and ensure they are stored using a method that prevents the handle from falling into the food., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Two stacks of wet pans were stacked with pooled water in them at the blanched fry station. Ensure these pans are allowed to air dry and drain prior to use., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean dry storage racks of debris; cleaning has been accomplished here. Clean the True freezer interior and Continental grill cooler of copious grime and food debris. Clean chicken breader storage racks. Clean front counter shelving with around the drink stations, and tables next to biscuit station., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (C) The chicken marinade machine was in the walk-in chicken cooler, but was not washed, rinsed, and sanitized after use from the previous day. Since this machine is used at ambient temperatures, cleaning and sanitizing is required at least every four hours. Unit Director agreed to pull marinating machine when tea was moved away from tea sink to prevent contamination., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - On two occasions, blanched fries were cooked, and placed into the holding pan, but were not labeled with the time this occurred. Employees must follow procedure, and label these containers as required with the time the final cook is completed. Unit Director labeled the container., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee used gloved hands to put raw sausage patties on the grill, but did not change gloves and wash hands before entering the walk-in cooler to retrieve a container with raw bacon. Instructed employee to remove gloves and wash hands. Ensure employees understand when hands need washing, and understand cross-contamination potential by handling raw animal meats, and not washing hands before changing tasks., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - In the back storage cabinet, boxes of chemicals on shelf beside clean linen towels. A Pot/Pan detergent packet was left on shelf on table where blanched fries are stored. All were removed. Keep chemicals stored away from food, equipment, linens, and utensils. 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - A spray bottle with a quaternary ammonia sanitizer label was stored in the dining area with glass cleaner in it. Bottle was removed. Ensure chemical spray bottles a, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - At the service line, a pan of fried chicken on the left side was 119-133 F in the back of the pan. Whole pan was removed. At the Takeout Line, a pan of grits was 129 F. Pan was discarded. Ensure TCS foods remain at 135 F or higher at all times, and are stored under heating elements on the serve line to ensure 135 F minimum can be maintained., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the walk-in cooler, a bag of shredded lettuce and shredded cheese container were both 43 F - 44 F. Air temperature was 38 F, and other items, including foods such as whole tomatoes checked by Unit Director were 39 F. No explanation was provided. In the Continental cold prep unit, all TCS foods measured were above 41 F. All food was discarded. Unit Director stated the plug for the cooler comes loose oft"
BOJANGLES #17	94.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Light cleaning needed behind the prep unit lid and inside the biscuit cooler underneath grates where food debris has built up. Front of the prep unit door needs cleaning to remove sticky residue. Improvement from last inspection., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Floor is damaged in 3 places on the main cook line. Wall tiles missing grout at front handsink and detaching from wall. Bottom of back wall panel in the chicken walk-in is rusted and has a hole., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single-use items shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination. Observed box of lids and box of fry cartons stored with chemicals in the outdoor storage room. CDI - boxes relocated with other single-use products., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Items held for TPHC shall be labeled with the 4 hour discard time. Blanched fries did not have a time stamp labeled on the side of the pan per Bojangle&#39;s TPHC procedures. CDI - time added to pan., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods shall be held cold at 41F or below. Chicken breading station is plugged in, but not blowing any air and built-in digital thermometer is blank. Chicken at the top of unit was above 41F. Chicken walk-in is holding foods above 41F. PIC locked door to see if unit would cool down on it&#39;s own, but no temperature change. Will return tomorrow to verify units are holding correctly."
BOJANGLES #2	94.5	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - (C) A stack of single-use containers and lids were unpackaged on the dry storage rack, and breader from the breading mix had covered them. Products that had breader on them were discarded. Ensure that single-use articles that are unpackaged are protected from contamination., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - A ladle for the gravy was sitting in the product on the serve line. The ice scoop at the ice machine had breading inside it form the rolling rack next to the ice machine. A cup in the cinnamon dry mix in the walk-in cooler did not have a handle, and an ice scoop at the ice bin had its handle fall into the ice. Keep ice scoops stored in clean locations, and provide scoops with handles. Keep handles out of food to minimize contamination., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - (C) A stack of single-use containers and lids were unpackaged on the dry storage rack, and breader from the breading mix had covered them. Products that had breader on them were discarded. Ensure that single-use articles that are unpackaged are protected from contamination., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the storage racks in the chicken walk-in cooler. Clean the shelving at the front counter of food and drink spills. Clean the interior of the Continental cold prep unit, and drawers for the grill cooler., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the storage racks in the chicken walk-in cooler. Clean the shelving at the front counter of food and drink spills. Clean the interior of the Continental cold prep unit, and drawers for the grill cooler., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - A ladle for the gravy was sitting in the product on the serve line. The ice scoop at the ice machine had breading inside it form the rolling rack next to the ice machine. A cup in the cinnamon dry mix in the walk-in cooler did not have a handle, and an ice scoop at the ice bin had its handle fall into the ice. Keep ice scoops stored in clean locations, and provide scoops with handles. Keep handles out of food to minimize contamination., 4-501.18 Warewashing Equipment, Clean Solutions - The sanitizer solution had grease in it in the 3-compartment sink, and grease was floating in the top of the sanitizer. Solution was drained. Keep sanitizer solutions clean to ensure it can effectively sanitizer utensils.  4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the 3-compartment sink drainboard to remove food debris and grease where clean utensils air dry., 4-501.18 Warewashing Equipment, Clean Solutions - The sanitizer solution had grease in it in the 3-compartment sink, and grease was floating in the top of the sanitizer. Solution was drained. Keep sanitizer solutions clean to ensure it can effectively sanitizer utensils.  4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the 3-compartment sink drainboard to remove food debris and grease where clean utensils air dry., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - On the serve line, a pan of fried chicken on the far left had pieces 121-116 F. Chicken was placed back into fryer to reheat. Chicken Tenders here were also 129 F. Tenders were reheated to 178 F. On the Sandwich line, sausage patties were 93-100 F, and grilled chicken patties were as low as 114 F. Sausage patties were pulled to cool, and grilled chicken was reheated to 190 F. Ensure TCS foods are maintained at 13, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - On the serve line, a pan of fried chicken on the far left had pieces 121-116 F. Chicken was placed back into fryer to reheat. Chicken Tenders here were also 129 F. Tenders were reheated to 178 F. On the Sandwich line, sausage patties were 93-100 F, and grilled chicken patties were as low as 114 F. Sausage patties were pulled to cool, and grilled chicken was reheated to 190 F. Ensure TCS foods are maintained at 13"
BOJANGLES #21	90.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed wet wiping cloths on prep table.  Ensure wet wiping are kept in sanitizer solution at proper concentration.  Cloths were removed., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Drain at prep sink is clogged but no visible signs of water backflowing, no other drainage issues in location.  The drain system for this sink has become detached and needs repair.  At the 3 comp sink there&#39;s a leak coming from handle which is tied up with a cloth.  Leak coming from piping underneath and card board seems to be plugging another leak.  Have plumbing fixtures repaired and maintain them.  Have the water flow of office hand sink adjusted on, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed to remove buildup and food debris from bottom of cold holding equipment and gaskets, handles and on sides of cooking equipment. Cleaning needed on storage racks in both walk ins to removed buildup.  The storage container in chicken cooler.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean., 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Observed cases of frozen food stored on the floor in walk in freezer.  Also a few cases of buttermilk were on the floor in walk in cooler.  Keep all food 6 inches above the floor., 3-401.11 Raw Animal Foods - Cooking - Observed employee load cooked cajun filets into transfer pan.  Temperature of several pieces ranged 147-150F, these items are stored raw and frozen.  Talked with employee and educated them to take temperature of cooked food to ensure minimum cooking temps are met.  Chicken was placed back into fryer and cooked properly., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous food under temperature control shall be kept at or above 135F.  Observed pans of chicken on front line with temp range of 110-125F.  Pans were not labeled and no one could verify time they were cooked.  PIC discarded chicken., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed breading station for BO sandwich filet with dried food debris.  PIC stated that sandwich filet had not been prepared today and that unit was not cleaned from previous day.  Observed empty black containers for marinated chicken store unclean in walk in cooler.  Observed buildup inside of ice bin near top and sides.   Ensure that equipment and utensils are cleaned at proper frequency., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - During arrival of inspection, pan of fries held out at room temperature at fryer station.  Pan was not marked for time per establishment TPHC procedures.  Ensure that time are added to fries when removed from temperature control.  Time was added."
BOJANGLES #38	86.5	"2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No CFPM available during inspection.  CFPM must be present during all hours when food is being prepared or served., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in areas of food preparation or service shall be at least 50 foot candles.  Lighting in walk in units shall be at least 10 ft cd throughout.  Lighting at frying station 20-30 ft cd, lighting at drive thru hot holding 0-30 ft cd, lighting in walk in units 0-6 ft cd.  Increase lighting in these areas.   6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee drink was being stored on service table next to cooked fries., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - Priority items were marked OUT during inspection, and no CFPM was present today.   PIC shall demonstrate knowledge of foodborne disease prevention, application of the HACCP principles, and the requirements of this code, by complying with this code by having no violations of Priority items during current inspection or being a certified food protection manager., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Packet of concentrated sanitizer solution was stored on shelf with clean dishes that was also above dishes air drying on drain board.  Keep chemicals stored so that they do not contaminate food and clean utensils and equipment.  Packet was removed., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Cleaning needed to remove food and buildup underneath equipment in kitchen, 3 comp sink and dry storage shelves.   Cleaning needed  to remove buildup on walls near fryer and biscuit station.  Cleaning needed to remove dust buildup on ceiling tiles in kitchen.  Keep physical facilities clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed to remove food debris on gaskets on kitchen coolers at the breading and grill station.  Cleaning needed on storage shelves in walk in units to remove debris and buildup.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Pan of blanched fries were being held without written time on side of pan.  Establishment written policy states that once fries are cooked 2 hour time limit shall be written on side of pan.  Time added to pan.   3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Discussed with PIC that written time needs to follow pan of fries until served to customer.  Time needs to be available upon request., 4-602.11 (A) (4) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Food contact surfaces of thermometer used by employees was covered with build up food debris.  Thermometer shall be cleaned before and after use to prevent contamination.  Thermometer was cleaned., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Packages of potato rounds were stored under open box of raw sausage patties in reach in freezer.  Arranged food properly to prevent contamination between raw animal foods and ready to eat foods.  Items were moved to proper storage., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Pans of TCS food being hot held on front line steam table were not being kept at or above 135 F.  Water temperature of unit was 129 F, PIC increased temperature and items were reheated.  TCS food being held hot must be kept at 135 F or above."
BOJANGLES #39	93.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed clean chicken containers stacked wet inside of walk-in cooler. Ensure containers are allowed to adequately air dry before stacking them. All were put at 3 compartment sink during inspection. CDI., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: handles of refrigeration, refrigeration doors, inside of refrigeration, on bread buttering machine, on racks in walk-in coolers, etc. Ensure nonfood contact surfaces are being cleaned at a frequency that prevents build-up., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Flooring at fryers is damaged and raw concrete is exposed. Have floor repaired so that it&#39;s in good repair and easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors, walls, and ceilings throughout kitchen.  Flooring under ice machine, 3 compartment sink, refrigeration, and cooking equipment is being cleaned. Walling near drive-thru hot holding area and prep sink. Cei, 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Observed blanched fries sitting out at room temperature without a time stamp on them. Ensure TPHC procedures are being followed after fries are blanched. Fries were timed during inspection and used within 10 minutes. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed build-up inside chicken marinating machine, on lids, and on plastic containers used to store chicken in walk-in cooler. Food contact surfaces shall be thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside of them before storing clean. All were moved to 3 compartment sink to be washed, rinsed, and sanitized. CDI.  4-602.11(e)(b)(4) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Obse"
BOJANGLES #5	92.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Flooring in main prep, fryers, drive thru, and main service area in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Flooring in fryer area damaged. Keep all physical facilities in good repair. Door and wall listed on previous inspection has been repaired., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Ice scoop in drive thru beverage station stored with handle contacting ice. In use utensils smut be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: scoop removed., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, door of ice machine, tracks of ice machine, metal container lids, outsides of metal containers, and inside of prep units in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Pork chops in steam table and chicken tenders and pieces in drive thru prep line held below 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: all products discarded by PIC., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Time not documented for blanched fries held on TPHC. Per discussion with PIC, Fries prepared 30 minutes prior to observation. When TPHC is used, times must be documented to ensure correct use or disposition. CDI: time for fries documented., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Three metal and and one large whisk observed with residual food debris in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: items moved to 3 compartment sink to be cleaned again., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Slaw containers in front service refrigerator held above 41F. Slaw cups in the area held at 45-48F. Ambient air thermometer in unit indicated temperature of 44-45F. Per discussion with employee, unit has been conducting irregular defrost cycles and has been previously serviced. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: All TCS products in unit discarded by PIC. Unit removed from TCS"
BONEFISH GRILL  #9414	92.5	"2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Food employees shall wear effective hair restraints. Cook with a goatee not wearing a beard guard today. Employees handling food, clean equipment, or clean single-service articles must wear effective hair restraints., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Clean shelving holding pans above the stove top to remove grease deposits. Clean outsides of fryers to remove grease. Clean the hood baffles above the salamander to remove grease., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Equipment and utensils shall be allowed to air dry fully. Containers founds stacked wet today. Continue working on air drying., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Hand sinks shall be accessible at all times and only used for hand washing. Upon entry, a whisk was stored in the hand sink near salad prep cooler. Whisk was removed during inspection. Do not store utensils in the hand sink. Cold water knob also not working on this hand sink today. Hot water was 117?F at this sink. Will return by 12/20 to verify the sink is corrected., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Bottom drawer on the far left reach-in cooler is torn. Keep equipment in good repair., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food-contact surfaces of equipment shall be clean to sight and touch. Containers, pans, and dishes found with food debris today. Items were removed to be run through the dish machine again. Individual in charge of washing dishes needs to be checking dishes for food debris before storing them."
BONHAM MEATS	97.0	"4-502.11(A)&amp;amp;(C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensils and Temperature and Pressure Measuring Devices - (C) Two air thermometers are broken in two of the McCray display coolers. Repair to accurately read the air temperatures.  4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Two roll carts are rusty and the coating is flaking. Keep equipment in good repair. Shelves are rusting in the McCray meat cooler., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Repair the baseboard strip peeling off wall beside the can wash, repair holes, and peeling paint on wall also. Baseboard is loose in the women&#39;s restroom. Men&#39;s restroom has a hole in the wall near door, and a wall leak behind the toilet.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean water splashes from under the meat room 3-compartment sink. 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Me, 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (A) Light in the meat walk-in cooler was maximum 1-2 ft-cd. Light in the walk-in freezer is 0.2-2 ft-cd next to the racks. Provide at least 10 ft-cd in these spaces. (C) Light in the meat cut room wrap station was 30 ft-cd. Provide 50 ft-cd in these areas."
BONNIE&#39;S CAFE	97.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed turkey siting out on counter at 100F. PIC said it was removed from oven ~1 hour prior. Ensure foods are actively cooled once their internal temperature reaches 135F. Turkey moved to reach-in and cooled from 100 to 75F in 45 minutes. When cooling ensure containers of food are vented to increase cooling rate. CDI.  3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed chicken salad at prep top at 57F. Ensure rapid cooling equipment for cooling foods. Chicken salad put on ice bath, 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed sanitizer in multiple sanitizer buckets at 0ppm chlorine. Ensure sanitizing solution inside buckets are being changed frequently enough to be kept at 50-200ppm chlorine and clean. All buckets remade to 100ppm. CDI., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed chipped painting and rough spots on flooring throughout kitchen. Flooring shall be in good repair and smooth/easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors, walls, and baseboards behind and under equipment throughout kitchen. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed spray bottle in kitchen without labeling on it. Spray bottles shall be labeled with name of solution inside. Bottle labeled during inspection. CDI.  7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed chemicals stored above single-use articles on storage rack. Ensure toxic substances are stored in a manner that prevents contamination with single-use articles, utensils, and food. Chemicals moved to bottom during inspection. CDI.  7-204.11 Sanitizers, Crit"
BRADFORD CREEK GRILL	91.5	"4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - A food thermometer shall be readily accessible in order to take accurate food temperatures. Food thermometer had a low battery today and is unable to take temperatures. Dial stem thermometer was found in the kitchen to use instead of the digital thermometer. Dial stem thermometer was calibrated during inspection.  4-502.11(B) &#8211; Good Repair &#8211; Calibration - Food thermometers shall be kept properly calibrated. Dial stem thermometer read 29?F when placed, 6-303.11(C) Intensity-Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 50 foot candles (fc) at all areas that employees handle food. Lighting in the right half of the kitchen is not working today. Lighting at the ice machine 16-42 fc. Lighting at the microwave table was 8-16 fc. Increase lighting here to 50 fc., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Clean shelving in the True 2-door reach-in cooler where there is food debris., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Physical facilities shall be kept free of pests. Live roach seen crawling out from underneath the True reach-in cooler in the kitchen today. Continue to work on pest control. 6-501.112 Removing Dead or Trapped Birds, Insects, Rodents and other Pest - Dead insects shall be removed frequently enough to prevent accumulation. Dead insects seen in the overhead light fixtures today. Remove the insects. Be sure to cover any exposed equipment before removing the insects fro, 4-501.114 - Quat sanitizer shall be between 200 and 400 ppm. Quat sanitizer line is broken today at the 3-compartment sink. Quat sanitizer is unable to dispense. Facility must use bleach solution (50-200 ppm) to sanitize dishes until the line is repaired. Use white chlorine test strips when sanitizing dishes. Will return to verify line has been repaired by 7/13/2019.  4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment - Microwaves shall be cleaned at least once every 24 hours. Microwave cavity in the kitchen, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Gaskets are torn in between doors of the 2-door reach-in cooler and on the left side of this unit. Sandwich unit has been removed from customer self-service area and placed in the back of the kitchen. New cooler is holding correct temperatures today (creamer-38?F). Recommend removing this unit if it is no longer being used., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - There shall be a certified food protection manager (CFPM) available at all hours of operation. No CFPM available today."
BROOKDALE DICKINSON AVE - (Lodging)	97.0	".1312(c) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Resident urinals shall be cleaned in a soiled utility room and not in the residents bathrooms., .1318(a) Miscellaneous - Observed resident diapers stored on flooring in different rooms. Have them stored up off the ground at least 8&quot; or in a sealed container. There isn&#39;t room to store them at the top of the closets due to the fire sprinklers being in the closets. I told maintenance if they were in a sealed plastic container that would be fine., .1317(e) or (f) Vermin Control: Premises : Animal Maintenance - Veterinary records not available for resident&#39;s dog. Veterinary records must be kept for all resident pets., .1314(b) Drinking Water Facilities, Ice Handling - Ice in common areas shall be protected from the use of unauthorized personnel and dispensed in a sanitary manner (automatic dispensing machine). Currently there is ice in common rooms accessible to residents and guests."
BROOKDALE DICKINSON AVE KITCHEN	91.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed several wet cloths on counter tops.  Wiping cloths must be stored in adequate sanitizer solution or maintained dry.  CDI wiping cloths were removed., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - Certified Food Protection Manager was not presented during inspection.  Facility manager stated that CFPM was recently sent home sick.  CFPM needs to be present during all hours when food is being prepared or served., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed disinfected bottles stored on prep table, sanitized dish side of 3 comp sink, and service area.  Keep chemicals stored in designated areas to prevent contamination.  CDI bottles were moved to designated areas., 2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Observed employee wearing bracelets, watch and rings while working with exposed food.  Food employees shall not wear any jewelry on arms and hands except for a single plain band rings, such as a wedding band.  CDI employee removed jewelry., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Observed employee turn off faucet with clean, bare hand.  When finish washing hands employee can use paper towel or elbow to turn faucet in order not to recontaminate hands.  CDI employee educated on hand washing procedure. 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee working with dirty dishes with gloved hands.  Then went to work with cleaned and sanitized dishes without removing gloves and washing hands.  Hands must be washed after engaging in activities that contami, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed buildup on food contact portion of can opener.  Can opener needs to be cleaned and sanitized daily.  CDI Item moved to be washed and sanitized.   4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed food buildup and debris food contact surfaces of dishes stored clean.  Food contact surfaces shall be clean to the sight and touch."
BROOKEDALE SENIOR LIVING	93.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean dust and spider webs from walls of the restroom in back hallway. 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - The ceiling is cracking around the return air vents in the kitchen next to the hood. Repair chipped areas in island cabinets to make smooth; some chipped areas are rough. The door frame in the restroom in back hall is loose., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (C) Light under the hood is 18-25 ft-cd from flat top grill to opposite stove burners, and 20-38 ft-cd over the steam table, microwave, and table top grill. Light is 20-25 ft-cd at the wrap station, prep sinks, and ice machine. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in these locations. (B) Light at the single-use articles stored by the steam table is 10 ft-cd. Provide at least 20 ft-cd here., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the Continental 3-door cooler, a carton with raw shell eggs was sitting with cartons of pasteurized shell eggs, and above ready-to-eat foods such as carrot raisin salad. Eggs were moved to lowest shelf. Ensure raw animal foods are stored below cooked and ready-to-eat foods., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - 1 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the microwave was a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon, and a bag of boiled eggs. Scrambled eggs were 67 F. Manager did not know how long the products had been there, but were saved in case a resident comes to breakfast later. Products"
BROOKEDALE SENIOR LIVING - ARLINGTON - (Lodging)	96.5	".1318(a) Miscellaneous - Rooms 701 and 702 are currently being used for general storage. Both rooms need to be cleaned to remove debris from floor, and maintained in good condition. Activity storage closet needs floor cleaning as well., .1319(a), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - All rooms visited that were occupied (Rooms 504, 105, 710, 803) and Activity Room need cleaning of furniture, including tables, bed rails, headboards, dressers, lamps, televisions, etc., to remove dust accumulation. Furniture items shall be maintained clean., .1312(a), (b) or (f) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Clean the Shower Room tub that has dried splashes and hair on it. Clean the shower base in Rooms 710 and Room 105. Also, the shower head attachment in this room has mildew on it., .1312(e) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - The hand sink in the Laundry is measuring 141 F. Since this sink may be used by residents, the water here needs regulating so that is between 100 F - 116 F."
BUFFALO WILD WINGS	90.0	"4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Observed plastic spoon being used as a scoop in the mayo at the prep cooler and a plastic ramekin being used as a scoop. Utensils that are stored in food shall be multi-use and have a handle. Both discarded during inspection. CDI., 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to handles of refrigeration, outside and handle of microwave, gaskets and framing of reach-in coolers, and inside of reach-in freezer. Ensure nonfood contact surfaces are being cleaned frequently enough to be clean and free from build-up., 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics-Indoor Areas - Observed foam sealant around hand wash sinks that was absorbing moisture and not smooth and easily cleanable. Have foam caulking removed and use a silicone type caulk instead.  6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Observed flooring splitting near dish area, flooring shall be maintained in good repair and easily cleanable. Have flooring repaired or replaced., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed live cockroaches in several areas throughout establishment (main dish area and bar area). Establishment shall be pest free. Increase pest treatment from monthly to at least every 2 weeks until roaches are gone. I will return on 10/12/21 to verify pest company is treating more frequently and pests are significantly reduced., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed several stacks of wet plastic food containers on drying rack. Arrange containers in a manner that allow them to adequately air dry before stacking them. I recommend designating more shelving area to air drying., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed chicken, shredded pork, and burger patties in drawer cooler under grill at 48-50F. All food inside unit was discarded. TCS food shall be held at 41F and below, do not use unit until repaired. I will return to verify food is being held at 41F and below on 9/23/21. VR 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed egg batter, chicken str, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Cartridge for ice machine water filet is leaking, Handles on microwaves missing, drawer on chip warmer is not working properly, other warmer does not work, gaskets on walk-in cooler and reach-in freezer are torn, grill drawer cooler is not refrigerating properly, and plastic food containers are cracked/damaged. Ensure equipment is being maintained in good repair. Remove equipment that is not working and not in-use., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed tongs, scoops, metal food containers, and plastic food containers stored on clean storage racks with dried food and greasy residues inside and outside of them. Food contact utensils shall be clean to sight and touch before storing clean. All were removed during inspection and put at 3 compartment sink. I will return 9/23/21 to verify utensils are being cleaned properly. VR"
BULLS EYE GRILL	91.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods -  Some areas of floor in kitchen and prep area have eroded finish where concrete is exposed. Walls and floors in restroom observed with cracking and damage. Keep all physical facilities in good repair. Door of restroom ahs been replaced. Continue repairs to physical facilities.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls in kitchen and reach in areas in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facili, 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Steamer unit, hood, insides of prep unit, gaskets of reach in units, extra reach in unit, cooking equipment, and shelving throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surface clean., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition -  Ceiling fans, stand alone fans, A/C unit and heating unit in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cheese in small prep unit held above 41F. Raw shell eggs stored on prep top next to cooking area outside of refrigeration, ambient air 63F. Per discussion with PIC, both products left out due to previous rush of orders. When held cold, TCS products smut be held at 41F or below and eggs that have not been treated to destroy all viable Salmonellae shall be stored in refrigerated equipment that maintains an, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - IN small prep unit, Open packages of bologna stored directly below raw sausage. In main reach in unit, hot dogs stored directly below raw sausage. Foods must be stored according to safe minimum cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Items moved to correct storage orders. Reviewed storage order chart with PIC."
BUMS RESTAURANT	95.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment in rear coking area and inside of cabinets in main service area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Shelfing in rear of facility has been replaced and is clean today., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Metal pans and containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be store din such a way that promotes effective air drying. CDI:  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Shelving for storing clean equipment and utensils in need of cleaning. Store all clean equipment and utensils in a clean dry location., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods -  Finish of floor in front of walk in units eroded and metal at base of walk ins rusting and chipping. Paint of walk in door near handle eroded. Some areas of baseboards in kitchen rea in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Walls surrounding and doors of walk in units in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean, 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Aerosol insecticide stored on shelf with food products in rear storage area. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food and equipment. CDI: insecticide discarded.  7-202-12 Conditions of Use - Aerosol insecticide dispenser on wall indicates that product may not be used within 12 feet of exposed food. Dispenser present in direct path of walk in unit and within 12 feet of exposed food storage area. Toxic substances shall be use"
BURGER KING #168	97.0	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single use and single service items shall be stored to prevent contamination.  Observed single use straws being stored with chemicals use to clean restrooms underneath dining room counter.  Straws were moved to correct storage., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean. Cleaning needed in cold prep units to removed debris from bottom shelves, hands and gaskets. Top of fryers and tv monitors in cooking area need cleaning to remove dust and debris.  Light debris visible on storage shelves in kitchen area., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous foods shall be kept at or above 135F when hot holding.  Observed two containers at warmers with chicken filets (110-115F) and chicken patty (110-125F) not being hot held properly.  PIC voluntarily discarded items.  Recommended retrain staff to make sure trays are completely underneath heat source."
BURGER KING #172	94.5	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Equipment and utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry location.  Utensil and equipment was being stored in containers with food debris and build up residue.  Keep containers clean for storage., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Both walk in freezer and cooler condensers have water leak and visible ice buildup.  Chest freezer for burger patties is not working, have freezer replaced or repaired. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair.  PIC stated that walk in freezer has been fixed since last inspection., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Provided employees with towels or other means to dry hands.  Men&#39;s bathroom was out of paper towels.  Towels were added., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed inside reach-in refrigeration, on surfaces above fryers and sandwich warmers, and on speed rack at sandwich make area. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Containers of prepped lettuce and tomatoes were being held out at room temperature with no time marking of when product was taken out of temperature control.  Establishment procedure states that product removed from temp control must be label with 4 hour expiration.  Containers were labeled."
BURGER KING #176	93.5	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed clean chicken containers stored in bin on clean storage rack faced right side up with water standing in them. After containers are being washed, rinsed, and sanitized allow containers to adequately air dry by inverting and separating them.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed bin used to store clean utensils on clean storage rack with black build-up thr, 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Observed single-use gloves stored on dirty side of 3 compartment sink and one box of gloves stored in a holding rack on wall next to dirty bucket. Do not use the bottom glove holding rack since it&#39;s so close to dirty containers. Observed single-use fry holders stored in holders without protection. Observed container used to hold single-use lids that needed cleaning and lids in container need t, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces throughout kitchen: sides/fronts of cooking equipment, under prep counters, sides of refrigeration units, at bottom of reach-in freezer,  and surface above hood system. Nonfood contact surfaces shall kept clean and free from build-up., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed peroxide cleaner stored on counter above bags of sugar and next to small picture used to scoop sugar. Observed large jug of a chemical liquid stored directly next to toilet tissue in outside storage containers. Store chemicals in a manner that they cannot contaminate food, equipment, utensils, or single-use items. All were moved during inspection. CDI., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed flies throughout kitchen and dry storage area. Establishment shall be maintained pest free, be vigilant with pest control and consult pest specialist., 3-401.11(a)(3) Raw Animal Foods - Cooking - Observed a chicken filet final cook temperature after frying range from 150F-170F depending on where you took the temperature. This filet was much thicker then the other filets being cooked. Ensure all chicken filets are being cook to at least 165F. That chicken filet was discarded. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed chicken containers stored on clean storage rack with old dried residues throughout them. Observed old date mark stickers and their residues on containers stored clean. Food containers stored clean shall be thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues and shall be clean to sight and touch. All were put at 3 compartment sink to be re-cleaned during inspection. CDI.  4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment -"
BURGER KING #180	99.0	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed to remove food debris and buildup from low freezer shelves and bottom in kitchen and on top of frying station.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.
BURGER KING #186	97.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Cleaning needed on floor of kitchen area to remove food debris.  Keep physical facilities clean., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand sink in kitchen was out of paper towels.  Provide employees a means to dry hands when washing hands.  Paper towels were added., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed on hot holding units, inside of cooler and freezer in kitchen to remove food debris and buildup.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean"
BURGER KING #187	94.5	"6-302.11 Toilet Tissue, Availability - A supply of toilet tissue shall be available at each toilet. No toilet tissue available in the left stall of the women&#39;s restroom. CDI - toilet tissue replaced. 6-501.18 Cleaning of Plumbing Fixtures - Plumbing fixtures in restrooms shall be kept clean. Both toilet seats in women&#39;s restroom need cleaning and urinal in men&#39;s restroom also needs cleaning. Unknown substance in urinal., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed to remove grease, dust, and/or debris on fryers, warm shelves, reach-in freezer door seals and interiors, walk-in cooler shelving, and walk-in freezer floors., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Water damaged ceiling tile present between back door and mop sink. Mop sink borders on back wall are damaged and detached from wall and mop sink. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Some cleaning needed on floors around sandwich prep area., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Foods held for TPHC shall be labeled with the 4 hour time to be discarded. Pans of cheese, cut tomatoes, shredded lettuce, and sliced ham on the sandwich line were not marked with the 4 hour time clock as required in facility&#39;s procedures. CDI - time clocks added to all pans of TPHC foods on the line. Ensure the times are added to pans immediately upon removal of temperature control., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Equipment such ice bins shall be cleaned at a frequency to preclude accumulation of soil or mold. Observed some pink microbial growth on the ice bin shield. 4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment - The cavities and door seals of cooking/baking equipment such as microwaves shall be cleaned at least every 24 hours. Observed build-up of food splatter in the microwave at the sandwich prep area."
BUZZ COFFEE HOUSE	91.0	"4-602.13 Clean the Spaceman machine, and freezer in back of flour. Clean shelves at front service area of spills and food debris., 2-402.11 An employee was not wearing a beard guard while handling food. Employees shall wear beard restraints when preparing or serving food., 6-303.11 (C) Light was maximum 46 ft-cd at the right side of the 3-compartment sink. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in this location. (B)(3) Light at the kitchen hand sink was 13 ft-cd. Provide at least 20 ft-cd here., 6-501.12 Clean the floor under back storage racks, around equipment and storage racks in the front service area. Clean walls and ceiling areas with dust buildup, particularly around air vents. 6-501.11 Repair the roof leak in the back room next to the 3-compartment sink area. Roof leak was reported by employee to start yesterday after rain. Repair the baseboard strip under the front coffee table. Contact Environmental Health when solution to leak from ceiling is determined., 7-204.11 A sanitizer spray bottle was more than 400 ppm. Manufacturer range recommends 200-400 ppm. Product was diluted to 300-400 ppm. Ensure that sanitizer spray bottles are maintained at required concentrations., 2-102.12 No Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) was available during inspection. The only staff member with CFPM certification was not present. Establishment shall have a CFPM on duty at all times when serving or preparing food., 3-501.16(A)(2) In the True cold prep unit, the following TCS foods were above 41 F: ham slices 46 F; roast beef 52 F; turkey 43.7 F; pepper jack cheese 46.6 F; Swiss cheese 43.3 F. A pan was missing from the top, and the lid was open throughout inspection. Air temperature was 52 F. A pan was placed in the open spot, and lid was closed. Later air temperature was 37 F, and ham slices had dropped to 43.7 F. Keep unit closed when not needed. Roast beef was discarded. Will follow-up by 8/18/2019.  3-"
C D&#39;S GRILL	93.5	"3-501.13 Thawing - Package of raw bacon thawing in open air in main coking area. Effective thawing methods must be used to prevent temperature and pathogen hazards. CDI: product moved to walk in unit for thawing., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - One employee observed handling food without hair restraint and two employees observed handing food without beard restraints. When handling food, hair must be effectively restrained., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Prep unit, cooking equipment, and shelving throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee break raw shell eggs with gloved hands and transition to handing ready to eat foods without changing gloves or washing hands. When switching tasks or engaging in activities that potentially contaminate the hands, hands must be washed. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Discussed hand washing with employee. Contacted product discarded. Employee washed hands and donned new gloves.  2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Observed employee turn off water from hand wa"
C M EPPES MIDDLE SCHOOL CAFETERIA	97.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean dust from the top of the ice machine and the milk cooler., 8-103.12 Conformance with Approved Procedures - The Variance for the hot water was not requirement of 100 F could not be located by the manager. Manager called the Child Nutrition office, and was told it would be sent to her email so she could print it. Request manager print this Variance Approval letter, and add to the documentation on location., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - On the hot holding line, a pan of green beans was 133 F - 134 F as the amount in the pan was reduced while the green beans were being pre-packed into single-use clam shells. This will not hold 135 F or higher. Discussed placing product on TPHC hot foods list. All of the product would be served per manager."
CAFE DUO	97.5	"7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Chemicals shall be stored below food and single-use items. Observed several canisters of propane stored with food items in right dry storage room. Bottle of Windex stored with sugar packets in waitstaff cabinet. CDI - chemicals relocated., 3-501.14 Cooling - Potentially hazardous foods shall be cooled from 135F to 41F in a total of 6 hours, with food cooling 135F to 70F within first two hours. Potatoes with yesterday&#39;s date in walk-in at 44-49. CDI - potatoes discarded. Recommend letting potatoes cool to 135F after cooking before placing in the walk-in and using more shallow pans."
CAFE MADELEINE	93.0	"2-501.11 Clean-up of Vomiting and Diarrheal Event - Provided PIC with vomiting and diarrheal clean-up procedures last inspection. PIC was not able to provide procedures during inspection. I will provide procedures during inspection, keep procedures available for future inspection., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection does not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed broccoli salad and chicken salad at 45-50F at ~ 1:45pm. They were cooling in semi-large plastic containers at bottom of prep cooler and 2 door reach-in cooler. They had been made at ~10:45am and should be cooled down to 41F within 4 hours of making. PIC divided the portions of both products and they cooled to 41F within 45 minutes. Ensure rapid cooling methods are being used to ensure foods are cooled properly: proper equipment, small portions, and venting con, 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting under hood system and light panel over 2 door coolers is out. Lighting at stove/ovens under hood and prep sink are 15-30 foot candles and shall be 50 foot candles. Lighting at 2 door coolers is 10 foot candles and shall be 20 foot candles., 3-504.14 Cooling - Observed croissants, danishs, and quiche in glass door display case at 44-45F. They get cooked at 6:30am and are put into the case at 8:30am. They should cool from 135F to 70F in 2 hours and 70F to 41F in 4 hours (135F to 41F in 6 hours). I checked them at ~2:45pm and they were 44F. All were discarded during inspection. CDI., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee come into kitchen from using restroom and put on gloves without washing their hands before. Ensure when entering kitchen employees wash their hands before putting on gloves to handle food. Discussed procedures with PIC and employee during inspection. CDI."
CAMELOT INN	92.5	".1824(b) Clean the mold covering the ice machine chute and deflector., .1828(d) On the housekeeping cart, several items collected from guests (canned sprays, drinking bottles, among others) were stored next to clean bed linen. Discussed providing a separate container to keep these items in to prevent contact with clean linen., .1826(f) All rooms inspected need wall cleaning of water stains and grime. Showers in all rooms need cleaning to remove mold, soap scum, and grime. Baseboard behind ice machine in hallway is water damaged. Floors, walls, and ceilings in general storage rooms need cleaning of debris, spider webs, and dust. Walls pieces are tearing at closets in rooms 255, 246, 226. Walls are peeling in 226, 238, 246. Tiles are missing by vanity in room 246. Ceiling tiles in lobby are cracking in corner."
CAMPUS CALZONES	94.5	"5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Must only use hand sinks for hand washing.  Food utensil rinsed off in sink. CDI.  Education and sink sanitized., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria-Chemicals - Keep bottles of sanitizer and dispenser of Quat sanitizer at 200-400ppm.  Both over 400ppm.  Sink dispensers had been replaced and were too low and worked on again and now are high for sanitizer.  Needs to read 200-400ppm on Quat test strips.  Most dispensers seen are set to 300ppm. Sanitizer will be diluted with water in sink basin and tested until adjusted by service man., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Cold held foods must be held cold at 41F or below at all times.  Cheese and salads above 41F from air flow block and stocking.  Moved items around cooler and in freezer.  CDI. Cooled or cooling., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Keep equipment in good repair.  Torn gaskets on bottom prep of large prep unit."
CANDLEWOOD SUITES	98.0	.1828 - Broom sweepers stored over single service items on several carts. Keep items stored separately to prevent contamination.
CAPTAIN DS  3451	92.0	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Observed cases of single use containers, llids and cups store on floor in kitchen area and dry storage.  Keep these items off the floor at least 6 inches.  Wrapped single service containers in dry storage were stored upright.  Keep these items protected by rewrapping and stored inverted to prevent contamination., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers, 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed bottle labeled bleach with marker but had a manufacture label for another chemical.  Do not reuse chemical bottle that previously stored different chemicals.  Observed bottle of hand sanitizer for employee stored together with food items.  Keep chemicals stored away from food, clean equipment and linen.  Bottle was removed., 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability, 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Observed one hand sink out of paper towels and another out of hand soap.  Ensure that all hand sinks have hand drying provisions and soap.  Both were added to the hand sinks., 3-307.11 Miscellaneous Sources of Contamination - Observed a case of solid frying oil cut through.  Knife cut through box and passed through frying oil.  Employee stated oil was too heavy to lift and cutting it made it easier to use product.  Product discarded.  Keep food protected from contamination by scooping out and not cutting through the box.  Observed a light bulb stored with bread in container.  Bulb removed.  Keep food protected from contamination.   3-305.12 Food Storage, Prohibited Ar, 4-602.11 (E)(4) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Igloo cooler that is filled with ice water and used food prep has buildup on interior of bin and inside of lid.  Clean cooler and keep clean as often as necessary to prevent buildup."
CAPTAIN JACK&#39;S MINIATURE GOLF	97.5	"7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Chemicals shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination such as below food and single-use items. Observed stainless steel cleaner stored with food items and bulk bags of hand soap stored above food items in the dry storage. CDI - chemicals relocated., 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - Potentially hazardous foods shall be date marked when prepared or opened. Observed open jar of pizza sauce without date mark. CDI - jar was discarded. Jar had expiration date of 10/4/2017. Ensure food items are regularly circulated to prevent items expiring. PIC stated this item was left from when facility was shut down for some time."
CARE ONE ASSISTED LIVING OF GREENVILLE - (Lodging)	96.0	".1312(e) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Some handsinks in facility are out of the 100-116F range (see observation chart). Discussed with administrator about adjusting each sink to provide compliant hot water temperatures., .1312(a), (b) or (f) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Shower chair in women&#39;s bathing room is soiled and toilet curtain is stained and torn. Toilet curtain soiled in men&#39;s bathing room 1., .1309 Floors - Some baseboard tiles cracked and floor tiles missing grout in men&#39;s bathing room 1 in the shower., .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Hole in the ceiling on left side of shower in women&#39;s shower room. Some peeling around metal post for shower curtain also in this room. Wall scuffs in the family visiting room."
CAROLINA ALE HOUSE / GREENVILLE	92.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Ice scoop and handle of beverage dispensing arm stored directly in ice container, contacting product. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: removed., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Flooring and walls throughout facility in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair. Some repairs made since previous inspection. Continue repairs to facilities., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Chicken wings cooling in plastic bags tightly sealed. Large accumulation of condensation observed on bags during cooling of product. Effective cooling methods must be sued to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: wings moved to sheet pans form more effective cooling., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Outsides of containers, cooking equipment, hot holding equipment, shelving in storage areas, and gaskets of cold prep units in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Plastic containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils smut be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths held outside of sanitizer solution. When held wet, wiping cloths must be held in sanitizer solution of effective concentration., 4-501.112 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Hot Water Sanitization Temperatures - Hot water sanitizer rise at ware washing machine reached maximum temperature of 150F. During initial observations, employee manually provided hot water for ware washing machine, but heating unit of machine not activated. During cycling, hot water sanitizing rinse would not meet required temperature. Per discussion with PIC, ware washing machine in need of service to provide water at correct temperature. Hot water s, 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - French onion soup in walk in unit and milk in bar cooler not date marked. Inaccurate date provided for spinach dip in walk in unit. Ready to eat foods prepared or unpackaged and held longer than 24 hours must be date marked, unless otherwise exempted by this code. CDI: Spinach dip and milk discarded. Date provided fro french onion soup."
CAROLINA ICEZONE	95.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (E) The ice scoop was not stored in the ice bin, and the handle was in the ice. Keep scoop handles out of food to prevent contamination., 6-303.11(B) Light in side storage room is maximum 2.5-3 ft-cd. Provide 10 ft-cd minimum here due to dry storage items being stored here. Single-use articles are also stored here., 2-102.12 No Certified Food Protection Manager is on duty or available. Provide at CFPM on duty at all times when food may be prepared or served., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Mouse droppings were observed in cabinets under hand sink, under drink station in cabinets, and on floor in side storage closet. Clean these droppings, and monitor to rid establishment of mouse presence."
CAROLINA OYSTER HOUSE	95.5	"3-501.13 Thawing - Foods shall be thawed under refrigeration or underneath cool running water below 70F. Observed container of tuna and raw chicken thawing at room temperature in prep sink. CDI - cold water turned on for thawing. 3-501.13 Thawing - ROP fish shall be removed from reduced oxygen environment prior to thawing if bearing a label to do so. Ahi tuna and tuna steaks observed thawed and thawing in the walk-in and prep sink still in ROP environment. Discussed with PIC and employees about, 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with the common name. Observed spray bottles in wait station cabinet with no labeling. CDI - bottles labeled.  7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from food, single use items, and clean utensils and equipment to prevent contamination. Observed butane fuel cartridge stored along clean dishes and above single use plates. CDI - item relocated to chemical storage shelf., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Foods shall be held hot at 135F or above. Foods in the steam table were being held below 135F. Steam table is flipping the breaker and causing unit to turn off. CDI - items moved to stove to reheat to at least 165F, do not use steam table until issue is resolved., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal products shall be stored to prevent cross-contamination. Observed raw oysters and raw shrimp stored above cooked beef sausage and cooked shrimp and raw shell eggs stored above crab broth in the walk-in and raw chicken thawing over raw tuna in the prep sink. Raw oysters that had the lid popped open in the walk-in freezer stored above cooked chicken tenders. CDI - items rearranged properly. Provided storage"
CAROLINA PIZZA AND PASTA WORKS	91.5	"2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Employee with long facial hair observed handling food without hair restraint. Use beard guard or face mask (if covers all of beard) as facial hair restraint., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed stacks of wet containers on clean storage rack. Ensure food containers are allowed to adequately air dry before stacking them.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed cold glasses in chest cooler stored on unclean surfaces. There are racks in the coolers that keep the glasses from touching the bottom of the cooler. Ensure the glasses are maintained on thos, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gasket on 1 door reach-in true cooler and walk-in cooler is torn. Handle on taller 1 door true cooler is damaged. Lids to prep units are missing brackets and handle. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Grouting between floor tiling at ware-washing area is low and collecting water. Have grouting filled so that flooring is smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under grill, fryers, and under equipment at bar. Floors shall be cleaned frequently enough to kept free from build-up., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to handles of refrigeration, framing/guide rails to drawer cooler before grill, rack in walk-in cooler,  racks at dry storage, and to hood grates. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed grilled chicken and steak in hot holding wells at 78-100F. Ensure hot held tcs food is being maintained at 135F and above. Per PIC the wall port that the units are plugged into have been shorting out and they were in a rush when they shorted so they were not able to flip the breaker switch. Chicken and steak were discarded. Establishment will use flat top to keep foods hot until the electrician fixes the, 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed plastic and metal food containers stored on clean storage rack with food residues and sticker residues throughout them. Ensure containers are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside of them. All were removed from racks and put at dish area. CDI. Observed food thermometer stored away with food residues on it, ensure probe of food thermometer is being cleaned and sanitized be"
CAROLS HOME COOKING	94.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to fan guard to portable fan, on push cart in back storage room, and on fronts/sides of cooking equipment to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to walls in both bathrooms to remove build-up from burning candles, on the walls behind the breading station in kitchen, and on flooring under cooking equipment. Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection did not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed package of hot dogs that were opened this past Saturday (1/15/22) and there was no date mark on them. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being date marked if not used within 24 hours. Hot dogs dated during inspection. CDI.  3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed manufacture made salsa past it&#39;s manufacture use by date and observed collards past their 7 day da, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee leave building and return to food service area and not wash their hands before handling utensils. Ensure when entering kitchen all employees wash their hands before handing clean utensils, equipment, or food. Employee washed their hands properly during inspection. CDI."
CHAAT CORNER	95.0	"3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - Observed ready to eat TCS foods in reach-in cooler that were over 24 hours old and not date marked. Ensure ready to eat TCS food that is not being made daily is being date marked and used within 7 days (date made + 6 days). Foods were discarded during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed all food in 1 door reach-in cooler at 48-53F. PIC said he had been in and out of unit quite a bit before i arrived. We closed the unit for 30 minutes without opening it and the food was the same temperatures and the ambient thermometer was reading 52F. All TCS food inside cooler was discarded during inspection. I will put a verification date for 9/27/21. If unit is fixed before notify me so t, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handling dirty dishes at 3 compartment sink and change to handling containers of food without washing their hands. Employees shall wash their hands before handling food after handling soiled containers/utensils. Employee was instructed to wash their hands during inspection. CDI.   2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Observed employee use their barehand to turn off faucet after washing their hands. Hand towel shall be used to turn off faucet to prevent recontam"
CHARLIES GRILL	92.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking area, fryers, and shelving in rear of facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents and ceiling fans throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all ventilation systems clean.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee keys and lighter stored in main prep area ion prep counter. Store all employee personal items in designated areas., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Waste and debris present along ground surrounding outdoor waste dumpster area. Maintain area clean and free of debris., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Walls in rear hallway and some areas of rear storage in need of repair. Junction of wall and hand sink in cooking area in need of repair.  Keep all physical facilities in good repair. Wood in restroom listed on previous inspection has bene sealed.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw chicken in zip top packages in reach in freezer stored directly above unpackaged plant and ready to eat foods in reach in freezer. Unless hermetically sealed, products in freezers must be stored according to ready to eat status and minimum safe cook temperature. CDI: chicken moved to bottom of unit. Significant improvement to storage order observed since previous inspection., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee break raw shell eggs with gloved hands and transition to handing ready to eat foods and single service articles. Hands must be washed when changing tasks or after engaging in activates that potentially contaminate the hands. CDI: contacted items discarded. Discussed when to wash hands with employee and PIC."
CHECKERS	95.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - A container of hamburgers was cooling overnight in the walk-in cooler in a stainless steel pan, but were tightly sealed, with condensation buildup on the wrap. Discussed using rapid cooling methods, such as loose coverings, and chopping up products to cool more rapidly., 4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Clean the food debris and dirt from single-service cup holders at the ice bins at takeout windows. Clean the bag storage compartments on the service line to remove food debris and grease., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the storage compartments of grease and spilled food above the fry station, grease buildup around Vulcan hot box, interior of Traulsen freezer of food spills, area above flat top grill. Clean gaskets and interior of the service line cooler, and clean single-service compartment storage areas here also., 3-501.14 Cooling - In the walk-in cooler was a container of hamburger patties that were cooled from the previous evening, but were 55 F. Employees on this shift stated hamburgers were placed in there the previous evening to cool, and employees stated none were cooked and cooled from this morning. Product was discarded. Discussed cooling from 135 F - 70 F in 2 or less hours, and from 70 F - 41 F in 4 or less hours., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Items prepared for TPHC (lettuce, tomatoes, sliced cheese) were not labeled with the time placed out on the service line; times were still marked from yesterday&#39;s service. Discussed policy with staff. Ensure employees who place items on service line follow TPHC procedures. Chart was updated."
CHECKERS 5263	92.0	"9 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Continue cleaning efforts. Clean gaskets on coolers and freezers of mildew. Clean Traulsen freezer interior of food debris. Clean food debris and spills in the line cooler. Clean hood at fryer, and Vulcan hot box of grease buildup. Clean storage compartments here as well. Clean cup holders and exterior of the right-side drink machine of &amp;#x0D;lots of dust buildup., 2-302.11 Maintenance - Fingernails - An employee with painted fingernails was putting ice in drink cups, and handling food containers. Discussed with employee about using gloves. If employees have painted fingernails, then gloves are required when handling exposed food., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Two chili containers were at 74 F in prep sink cooling, but needed more cooling methods applied. Bother were placed in the walk-in cooler, and with loose lids. Ensure TCS foods that are cooling are rapidly cooling using methods such as ice, equipment, shallow pans, loose covering, or other approved methods., 5-501.114 Using Drain Plugs - Provide a drain plug for the dumpster that is missing it., 6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - Remove the two unused fryers at the dumpster area that are collecting rainwater. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean grime, grease, and food spills from floors under the ice machine, on electrical equipment and the serve line, under ElectroFreeze and drink station, under back storage racks. Clean dust from ceiling above the sandwich line, and clean mildew from vents as well. Clean the floor in the women&#39;s restroom., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Two chili containers that were cooling were set on the soiled utensil drainboard at the 3-compartment sink, and the wash sink had soapy water and utensils soaking in it. Both were moved to the walk-in cooler. Keep food off of the 3-compartment sink when utensils are soaking to prevent contamination., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - No TPHC labels were placed on items that require 4-hour time control, despite having been placed out earlier (onion tanglers, tomatoes. Labels were made and placed on the foods. from stick labels with the times on them. TCS foods under TPHC shall be marked as required in the written procedures in the operations manual."
CHEDDAR&#39;S CASUAL CAFE	92.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Single service cups uses as scoops in large seasoning containers. Ice cream scoop stored in standing water at 67F. Unflushed food debris observed in scoop well. Water for scoop dripping lightly and not providing sufficient velocity to remove food particles. In use utensils smut be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination. When utensils stored in standing water, water must be flowing at sufficient velocity to remove food particles or, 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Several plastic and metal containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. Observed employees manually drying clean bowls with drying cloth. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be store din such a way that promotes effective air drying. Items may not be manually dries with cloths. CDI: Bowls manually dried washed again. Discussed drying requirements with PIC., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, cold holding equipment, and shelving throughout facility in need of cleaning throughout facility. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Spray bottles of peroxide cleaner stored hanging divider of prep table next to facility food products. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food, equipment, and single service articles. CDI: bottles removed.  7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Spray bottles of peroxide cleaner not provided labels. Toxic substances in working containers must be provided labels. CDI: label provided., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Excess chicken in cold prep table, sliced tomatoes in server prep unit, and cheese in salad prep unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: excess chicken removed and cheese placed in walk in for cooling. Non-functioning salad prep unit listed on previous inspection has been replaced with like for like model. Unit effectively holding TCS products at 41F and below., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Several food storage containers, container lids, bowls, and plates observed with residual food debris. Several food storage containers observed with sticker residue on outsides of containers, outside contact internal surfaces during stacking. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: PIC instructed employees to survey all equipment in storage area. Discussed cleaning procedures for eq"
CHICK FIL A EXPRESS AT ECU	97.0	"4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Metal pans and containers in clean equipment storage area observed with residue and debris. Internal surfaces of some containers observed with food debris. External surfaces observed with sticker residue, in tact stickers, and food debris. Containers stacked where external portion contacts internal portions of other containers. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: items moved to, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cheese and liquid egg in breakfast prep unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: items moved to walk in unit for cooling. Other TCS products in unit at 41F and ambient air thermometer indicates temperature of 38-40F."
CHICK-FIL-A  FSU	92.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring in walk-in cooler, walk-in freezer, back storage area, and back dry storage area. Flooring shall be kept clean and free from build-up. Ensure flooring is being squeegeed to remove standing water under equipment., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed spray bottle labeled degreaser that had window cleaner inside of it. Ensure spray bottles are properly labeled with solution inside. Bottle emptied during inspection. CDI.  7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed spray bottle hanging on rack above food prep surface where food was being stored. Ensure spray bottles are being stored down below food and food prep surfaces to prevent cross contamination. Moved to chemical storage area during insp, 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Observed boxes of food stored on walk-in freezer flooring. Ensure boxes are being stored up off the ground., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to gaskets, handles, framing of reach-in refrigeration, on racks in walk-in cooler, nonfood contact portion of veggie dicer, etc. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up. Increase routine cleaning., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed food containers stacked wet on clean storage racks. Allow containers and utensils to adequately air dry before stacking them. I recommend removing excess storage to free up space for air drying., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed salads inside 1 door reach-in cooler at 75F due to cooler not being on. All salads inside unit were discarded during inspection. Observed liquid eggs in ice bath ranging from 40-50F. Ice bath remade and they cooled to 41F within 30 minutes. Ensure ice bath is deep enough to keep all parts of liquid egg 41F and below. Ice cream mix at top of ice cream machine ranged from 38-48F. Discarded ice crea, 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed metal food containers stored on clean storage rack with dried food residues inside and outside of them. Observed utensils stored in clean clean storage bin with dried food residues throughout them. Ensure food contact utensils are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside them. They shall be clean to sight and touch while being stored. All put at 3 compartment sink during ins"
CHICK-FIL-A  GREENVILLE MALL	99.0	3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Use approved cooling methods.  Overall there is improvement here! Keep up the good work.&amp;#x0D;No tight thick lids used on cooling items today.  Grilled chicken was vented.  The issue today was with the whole romaine lettuce pieces. Fully covered and in a deep pan full.  Leave this vented and not super full while cooling. CDI. Was vented.
CHICK-FIL-A #02791	96.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Walk-in freezer is icing over at the fans and all around interior. Door does not seem to seal shut and is very easy to open, which could be causing unit to freeze over. Have unit repaired., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths shall be stored in sanitizer solution in between uses and solution must be kept free of food debris. Wiping cloth sanitizer bucket at the dish machine area had pieces of lettuce floating in solution. Quat solution in the wiping cloth bucket at the baking station was made with hot water and concentration was above 400ppm. CDI - new solution properly made for both buckets. Ensure cold water is used for quat sanitizer to prevent concentrat, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed inside the chicken coolers and the outside of the doors of food debris, inside the lemonade reach-in freezer next to the salad prep where debris has accumulated, inside the french fry freezer, and floors and shelving in the walk-in freezer where ice and cardboard has built up., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Food held on TPHC shall be labeled when removed from temperature control/cooking/prep. Grilled chicken cool wraps, liquid egg whites, sliced tomatoes, and lettuce were not filled in for facility&#39;s TPHC log and foods were already out for service. CDI - items filled in on TPHC log. Ensure these are filled out immediately upon removal from temperature control."
CHICK-FIL-A GREENVILLE MALL	99.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Observed ice scoop laying on ice machine with visible dust build-up. Ensure ice scoop is being stored inside holder so that it&#39;s protected. Utensils shall be stored on clean surfaces between uses. Ice scoop and holder were moved to 3 compartment sink to be washed, rinsed, and sanitized. CDI."
CHICKEN SHACK	91.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Sugar bin scoop handle was laying inside of sugar.  Keep handle stored above food in between use.  CDI scoop handle remove from sugar., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 50 foot candles in all areas were food is being handled.  Lighting prep and grill areas are 16-28 foot candles, need at least 50 ft-cd.  Add and replace lightning in these areas.  Lightning in bathroom area has been increased., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair.  The ceiling tile in the bathroom have black buildup and are swollen.  Several ceiling tiles above food prep area have signs of water damage.  Replace these ceiling tiles., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) present during inspection.  CFPM must be present during all hours of food prep and service., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 4-602.11 (E)(4)(b) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Cleaning needed inside of ice machine to remove buildup on and around ice chute and shield.  Keep ice machine clean at a frequency that prevents accumulation., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the reach in freezer open packages of beef, and fish items were being store above open packages of fries and okra.  Protect food from cross contamination by arranging food according to final cook temperature.  CDI items were moved to corrected storage area."
CHICOD SCHOOL CAFETERIA	99.0	5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Hand sink in ware washing area obstructed by push carts. Hand sinks must remain unobstructed. CDI: carts moved from hand sink.
CHICOS	90.5	"2-501.11 Clean-up of Vomiting and Diarrheal Event - Vomiting and diarrheal clean-up procedures were not available during inspection. I will provide PIC clean-up procedures, keep procedures available for future inspections. CDI., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed salsa in large buckets in walk-in at 50-53F. PIC said they had been made and put into the walk-in at ~10:30am. They shall be cooled down to 41F within 4 hours. Ensure rapid cooling methods are being used to cool foods. PIC put containers of salsa inside walk-in freezer and they cooled from 50-53F at 1:10PM to 42-43F at 2:00PM. Recommend using walk-in freezer to cool salsa, venting lids, and stirring frequently. CDI.  3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed large c, 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Observed handle of ice scoop laying in ice inside main ice machine and a single-use ramekin inside a container of salt. Ensure handles of scoops are being kept outside food and a scoop with a handle is being used. Scoop was removed from ice and ramekin was discarded. CDI., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Caulking needed between metal sheet metaling and walling at dish wash area and at corner trimming behind ice cream cooler. Have all open gaps, holes, etc filled throughout the facility so that the walls are in good repair and easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under refrigeration and cooking equipment along the cook line. Ensure equipment is bein, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to racks in walk-in coolers, racks in 2 door cooler, and on handles/side of reach-in freezer/cooler combo at end of cook line. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Sanitizer tested at 0ppm chlorine when checking. Line that connects dispenser from wall to dish machine was disconnected. Once connected the sanitizer tested at 100ppm chlorine. Ensure sanitizer is being checked frequently to ensure it&#39;s 50-200ppm chlorine. All dishes that had been ran through today shall be re-ran to ensure they are properly sanitized. CDI., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed live cockroaches behind and under ice cream cooler near clean utensil storage area. Establishment shall be maintained pest free. Establishment is currently being treated monthly (checked records), Increase frequency of treatment so that establishment is maintained pest free., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handle raw chicken with gloves on then proceed to handle clean plate and scoop rice with the same gloves on. Rice was discarded. Ensure after handling raw meats employees take their gloves off and wash their hands before handling any clean utensils or before putting on new gloves. Employee took their gloves off and washed their hands after talking with them. CDI."
CHILI&#39;S GRILL AND BAR	90.0	"5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Observed black build-up on grounding behind trash dumpster and loose trash on ground in dumpster area. Ensure ground around dumpsters are being maintained cleaned., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed handle to walk-in cooler broken, oven leaking water out of door while being operated, top cold holding unit to salad prep cooler not working, and reach-in portion of salsa cooler not shutting due to gasket issue. Have equipment issues repaired or replaced, equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed grill cleaner stored on shelving beside flat top grill above prep cooler. Ensure chemicals are not stored in a manner that they can contaminate food, equipment, clean utensils, or single-use items. Grill cleaned moved during inspection. CDI., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Almost all stacks of metal and plastic food containers were wet. A few stacks were stacked and facing upwards. Allow food containers to adequately air dry by inverting and separating them. Once they&#39;re adequately air dried they can be stacked.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Lids and white plastic containers stored on bottom shelf of storage rack closest to ice mach, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces throughout facility: framing/hinges of reach-in portion of prep coolers, racks inside walk-in cooler, door framing to walk-in cooler, top shelving between kitchen and server line, and on cart holding ice bins along with outside of ice bins. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be maintained clean and free from build-up., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting large prep table across from grill, small prep cooler to left of fryers, at fryers, and small prep cooler to the right of the fryers range from 25-35 foot candles. Increase lighting in these food handling areas.  6-304.11 Mechanical - Ventilation - Hood over steam oven is not currently working and allowing steam to escape and there is signs of moisture damaged to ceiling tiles. Have hood system repaired so that it properly vents the steam. PIC said that t, 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Grouting at bar area, under drink station, near drain at dish area, near ice machine, and 3 compartment sink is low and collecting water. Have grouting filled so that water is properly draining. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair and easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Cleaning needed to caulking at dirty side of dish wash machine, if caulking cannot be cleaned then, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - All food inside walk-in ranged from 42-44F when starting inspection when the ambient temperature of the unit was 38F. Within 1 hour the foods had cooled down to 41F and the ambient temperature was 37F. Discussed with PIC to see how often the walk-in is going through a defrost and at what times. Recommended that the walk-in go into defrost modes at slower business hours. CDI.  3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time"
CHILLIS TOO AT ECU	99.5	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Equipment and utensils shall be allowed to air dry fully. Stack of two metal pans found stacked wet today. Pans were separated during inspection."
CHINA 1	95.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required, 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed buckets used to hold chicken wings that were stored right side up with water at the bottom of them and no lids. Ensure food containers are allowed to adequately air dry by inverting them. Also ensure they&#39;re being protected by covering or inverting them., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to racks in walk-in cooler, to hood grates above fryer, and to door/gasket of glass door cooler to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept free from build-up., 4-202.11 Food-Contact Surfaces - Cleanability - Observed hefty food containers being used for meats that are not durable or easily cleanable. PIC discarded containers during inspection, ensure food grade containers that are durable and easily cleanable are used. CDI 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Glass door cooler is not approved for unpackaged TCS foods per manufacture labeling. Equipment shall be used per manufacture intended use., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed all food in walk-in cooler at 43-45F. When starting inspection door was open while employee was putting up boxes of chicken from delivery. PIC said they have had the door opened a lot in the last hour. The ambient air temperature in the unit was 39F. PIC Turned thermostat down to 34F and within 30 minutes all the food temperatures had dropped 2-3F. Food inside walk-in shall be maintained at 41F a, 4-703.11 Hot Water and Chemical - Methods - Observed employee rinse large strainer at prep sink and store it with the clean food containers at the sanitizer basin drain board of 3 compartment sink. Food contact surfaces shall be washed, rinsed, and sanitized after it&#39;s used before storing clean. Strainer removed and put in dirty basin of 3 compartment sink. CDI. 4-702.11 Before Use After Cleaning - Ensure all food containers are being washed, rinsed, and sanitized. When running water at sanitize"
CHINA 10	96.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be rapidly cooled using approved methods. Cooked eggrolls cooling at room temperature on speed rack before going into the walk-in. Some eggrolls had already dropped below 135F while some were still above 135F. CDI - speed rack moved into the walk-in. Monitor temperatures during cooling process to begin rapid cooling at 135F., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from food items to prevent contamination. Observed two bottles of hand sanitizer stored with drink mixers at the bar. CDI - hand sanitizer relocated. 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name of chemical inside. Observed one spray bottle of chemical next to line handsink without labeling. CDI - bottle labeled., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seal torn on veggie prep unit and also the meat prep unit., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed along door seals of each prep unit, inside each prep unit where food and liquid has accumulated, inside the reach-in freezer, along fire suppression rods on the hood system where grease has built up, fronts and sides of equipment where there are food spills and build up of sticky residue, and along shelving in dish washing area and interiors of walk-in freezer where debris has built up."
CHINA 8	93.0	"6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - Trash observed around back door. Keep clean., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Wet wiping cloth on prep table. Place in sanitizer container once wet., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean out right glass reach in unit with debris., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw chicken pan stored over cooked meats in prep unit. Store raw food items below ready to eat food. Corrected during inspection., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - Sanitizer not working at dish machine. Will return to verify compliance., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Sesame chicken and chicken and veggies in kitchen and food on the buffet not at 135 degrees F. Keep food at 135 degrees F or above. Corrected during inspection."
CHINA KING	93.5	"4-202.11 Food-Contact Surfaces - Cleanability - Observed containers in walk-in used to hold prepped vegetables that does not meet the definition of durable and easily cleanable. Ensure food containers being used are durable, smooth, &amp;amp; easily cleanable.  4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Some of the racks inside the walk-in cooler are starting to rust and peel. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair. Have racks replaced or repainted., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Baseboard coving coming off the wall under the meat prep sink. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring throughout establishment: under fryers, wok, sinks, dry storage racks, racks inside walk-in cooler and freezer, and bathroom floors. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from bui, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to handles of reach-in coolers, gaskets of walk-in cooler/freezer, to framing around walk-in freezer, inside storage drawer, and to surface under where white rice warmer is held. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed small cockroach on flooring during inspection. Establishment shall be pest free. PIC said they normally treat the establishment themselves and will have a professional treat periodically. If personal treatment isn&#39;t maintaining establishment pest free have professionals do a routine treatment., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed lids for food buckets stored in black container with food and grease residues left on them. Ensure all food contact surfaces are being fully cleaned to remove all residues before storing clean. All moved to 3 compartment sink to be recleaned during inspection. CDI.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed extra food bucket lids stored on buckets in walk-in cooler, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed sheet pans of raw chicken stored above ground pork in walk-in freezer. Foods inside refrigeration and freezer shall be stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperatures. Ground pork was moved during above chicken during inspection. CDI."
CHINA MAX	95.5	"4-502.11 (A) and (C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensils and Temperature and Pressure Measuring Devices - (C) Three sheet pans had dented areas in the middle of the pans. Keep Keep utensils in good repair, and discard utensils that cannot be repaired. 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Repair the loose floor threshold at the walk-in cooler that is exposing the frame underneath., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean the floor under and behind the back storage room racks of general grime. Clean the floor in the outside storage area as well. Clean the splash and grime from the wall under the 3-compartment sink.  Clean the walls in the employee restroom of cockroach debris. 6-201.11 Floors, Walls and Ceilings - Cleanability - The door of the employee restroom is very rough at the bottom. Smooth this area and seal to provide a smooth, easily cleanable surfac, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - On the service line, a container of rice was holding at 114-166 F. Product was removed to reheat, and reheated throughout to above 165 F. Ensure that TCS foods are maintained at 135 F or higher., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Atosa cooler, two pans of noodles were 48-49 F, and a container with cut cabbage was 46 F. Owner stated that the cooler had been accidentally shut off this morning. All TCS foods were removed. Cabbage was placed in the walk-in cooler, and both pans of noodles were reheated to 198-176 F. Ensure TCS foods are stored at 41 F or less."
CHINA WOK	91.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Cleaning needed on shelving in walk ins to remove food debris, hood baffles have visible grease buildup, cooler and prep cooler gaskets need cleaning to remove food debris.  Ensure that sticker residue on dishes are removed during cleaning., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Use scoops that have handles and keep handles stored above the top of food.  Observed two dry food containers with scoop with no handle and another with handle contacting food., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers, 7-207.11 Restriction and Storage - Medicines, 7-208.11 Storage - First Aid Supplies - Working containers of chemicals need to be labeled.  Container of degreaser was not labeled.  PIC added label to bottle.  Keep medicines stored away from food.  Observed a container of medicine and first aid kit stored above sealed packages of food.  Medicine and first aid items were relocated to safe area., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Handwashing sinks shall only be used for hand washing.  Observed wiping cloth, sponges, and plastic container sitting in/on hand sink.  Items were removed., 3-307.11 Miscellaneous Sources of Contamination - Keep food protected from other sources of contamination.  Observed cooked breaded chicken being stored in the tops of raw chicken box tops.  Chicken was removed from tops, reheated and placed onto oven pans., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Ensure correct storage order of raw animal food and ready to eat foods.  Observed one container of raw shrimp stored above fries in reach in freezer.  Containers were switched by PIC.  Food storage has improved since last inspection., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous food being kept cold shall be kept at or below 41F.  Observed breaded chicken pieces stacked above container fill line at the prep station.  Chicken temp on top was 45-50F and bottom was below 40F.  Chicken above fill line was removed., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Keep food contact surfaces clean to sight and touch.  Observed dishes in dish area with dry food debris and grease buildup.  Food contact point of can opener has buildup.  Items were moved to sink to be cleaned."
CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL #2181	98.0	"4-901.11(A) Stacks of utensil pans were stacked on the storage racks while wet, and water poured from them when unstacked. Water was also collecting around the pan edges. Pans air drying on the 3-compartment sink drainboard were also stacked wet. Stack pans to allow adequate draining and air drying. Consider providing additional air drying space, and ensure that pans are drained of water prior to stacking to prevent cooling around the lids., 6-303.11(C) Light under the hood was 27 ft-cd at the grill station extending across the fryers. Light at the vegetable prep station and prep sink was 42 ft-cd, and light at rethermalizer to rice cooker was 36-20 ft-cd. Provide light at least 50 ft-cd in these areas."
CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL #2683	98.0	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Some shelving in reach in units showing signs of rusting and chipping pain near front edges. One shelf in walk in unit observed cracked and damaged. Keep all equipment in good repair., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles, 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Lid to dumpster was left open.  Be sure to keep dumpster lids and door closed in between uses.  Cleaning needed to remove debris inside dumpster enclosure.  Keep this area clean and free of unnecessary items., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Clean pans and bowls were observed wet stacked in the dry dish area and underneath prep table.  Allow equipment and utensils to adequately air dry before stacking."
CHRISTY&#39;S EURO PUB	94.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Gaskets of prep units, cooking equipment, bottoms of prep coolers, and shelving in rear of facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Hood and baffles of hood cleaned since previous inspection. Continue cleaning measures of facility., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Walls and floors throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Some ceiling tiles, wall portions, and corner coverings of walls in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting in main cooking area at 13-28 ft-cd (foot candles). Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas. 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents throughout facility and fan unit next to salad prep unit in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Spray bottle of degreaser stored with food products in dry storage area. Store all toxic substances in such a way that they do not pose contamination to food, equipment, or single service articles. CDI: bottle removed.  7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Spray bottle of degreaser not labeled. Toxic substances placed into working containers must be provided labels. CDI: label provided., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Some items in portions of walk in unit behind condenser unit held at 42-43F. Thermostat of walk in unit set at about 40F. Items in other portions of unit held at 41F and below. Ambient air thermometer of unit indicates temperature of about 40F. TCS items in outdoor walk in unit held at 44F. Ambient air thermometer of unit indicates temperature of 40-41F. When held cold, TCS products must eb held at 41F or"
CICI&#39;S PIZZA #368	93.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning is needed on the inside of the bottom cooler unit along the buffet under the salad, shelving units in the walk in cooler and pizza prep station.  The lids of the dry storage container in the back prep area also need cleaning., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Labeling is needed on items such as the powdered sugar, flour, and crumble located in the pizza prep area. All containers storing items that are not in their original packaging and that are not unmistakably recognized such as dry pasta shall be labeled., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Establishment did not have pizza times noted on the chart as they were placing new pizzas on the buffet line. Manager pulled the boards and had them updated with information for pizzas. In order to be in compliance time must be documented., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting issues still remain throughout the establishment in food prep and storage areas. Manager stated they will be replacing light bulbs., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Multiple items were observed stacked wet today. Some items were separated but the establishment needs to get rid of old products or add additional shelving units to make room to allow for air drying., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Gasket is still torn on the walk in cooler door but the gaskets along the bottom unit along the buffet have been replaced. Rusting shelving units still need to be replaced or repainted. The small cooler unit under the salad section for the buffet has water pooling in the bottom of the unit, equipment should be checked to see what is causing this issue. The bottom portion of the pizza prep unit is not holding food temperatures and is not in u"
CINNAMON BISTRO INDIAN CUISINE	98.0	"2-501.11 Clean-up of Vomiting and Diarrheal Event - Establishment&#39;s written procedure for responding to vomiting or diarrheal was not available. Policy was provided, along with poster for needed equipment. Keep this written procedure on hands at all times. &amp;#x0D;, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In several of the kitchen cooler (2-door coolers, cold prep units), containers of foods did not have lids on them. Some were prepared today, but other foods were under storage since yesterday. Foods stored inside cold holding units shall have lids on them to protect food from contamination."
CINNAMON INDIAN CUISINE	98.5	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the 3-compartment sink to remove various debris from sink compartments. Clean as often as necessary to preclude accumulation., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the debris on the cook area shelving around dry spices.  Clean shelving where chemicals are stored."
CIRCLE K  #2723104	98.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept clean. Floors underneath 3-comp sink, around floor drain, shelving, and along edges of the walls in the back room need cleaning., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed several plastic containers stacked with sticker residue on them. CDI - items moved to sink for washing. 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Food contact surfaces in use shall be cleaned every 4 hours or as often as necessary to prevent accumulation. Observed some mold growth on ice chutes of self-service drink machi"
CLEAN EATZ	96.0	"6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents throughout kitchen area in need of cleaning. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some metal and plastic containers observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: items cleaned. Significant improvement observed since previous inspection., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw shell eggs stored above ready to eat foods in walk in unit. Foods must be stored according to ready to eat status and safe minimum cook temperature to prevent cross contamination. Corrected during inspection CDI: Products moved to correct storage orders."
COFFEE + SPICE	97.5	"7-208.11 Storage - First Aid Supplies - First aid kits shall be stored away from food and clean utensils and equipment and single use items. First aid kit stored with clean baking mats and molds above the handsink. CDI - first aid kit relocated., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Ready-to-eat TCS foods shall be discarded at the end of the 7 day date marking period. Observed container of collards with date mark of 2/11. CDI - collards discarded. As a reminder, the 7 day date marking period begins with the prep date, plus 6 additional days."
COLONIAL INN AND DINING ROOM	91.5	"4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - Sanitizer solution tested at ~10ppm inside dish wash machine. PIC said that bottle of sanitizer concentrate has been there for over 1 year which could have possibly diluted it. Purchase new concentrate and see if the sanitizing solution tests between 50-200ppm chlorine. If not have technician repair machine. I will be back 9/24/21 to check unit. VR, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Some shelving units at walk-in cooler and kitchen are rusting as well as bottom shelves for prep tables at kitchen and in dish room.  Handle to spray nozzle at dish area is broken.  Flooring in walk-in cooler is warping. These shall be in good repair., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No CFPM available. Shall have a Certified Food Protection Manager on duty at all times of operation., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed country ham in walk-in cooler at 44F. The fruits in the unit were also at 44F. PIC turned down thermometer and ambient temperature in unit went to 38F and country ham dropped to 42F within 1 hour. I will check unit again when i return on 9/24/21. CDI"
COMMUNITY CALZONE	95.5	"3-403.11 Reheating for Hot Holding - Observed marinara sauce in rethermalizer at 110-130F when starting inspection (had been inside unit for 15 minutes). After 30 minutes marinara was stirred and it was ~120-125F. Marinara sauce shall be reheated to 165F within 2 hours. I recommend reheating marinara longer in microwave oven until it reaches 165F in all parts before putting into rethermalizer. Marinara sauce put back into microwave during inspection until internal temperature reached 165F. CDI., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed marinara sauce, lettuce, and boneless wings without date marks. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are dated if not used within 24 hours and discarded after 7 days. All properly dated during inspection. CDI.  3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed mac n cheese and sliced american cheese past their 7 day date mark. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being discarded"
COMMUNITY STORE #2	86.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cooked sausage cooling in tightly sealed zip top plastic bag and in tightly sealed plastic containers. Both packages observed with heavy condensation build up inside. Sausage in plastic container cooling at insufficient rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: sausage in plastic container vented and moved to walk in. Sausage in plastic bag discarded., 6-501.18 Cleaning of Plumbing Fixtures - Plumbing fixtures in men&#39;s restroom in need of cleaning. Keep all plumbing fixtures clean., 6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee personal belongings stored on prep table in main prep area. Store all employee personal items in designated areas., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC unable to demonstrate required knowledge or provide certification relevant to this code. PIC must demonstrate knowledge of all safe food handling and employee health practices., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Flooring and walls throughout cooking and service area in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Can of aerosol pesticide stored with single service straws and food products in prep area. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that does not pose contamination hazard to food, equipment, or single service articles. CDI: can discarded., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gaskets of walk in unit and main prep unit torn and damaged. Gaskets pulling form doors of units. Keep all equipment in good repair., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying provisions provided in men;s restroom. Hand drying provisions must be provided at all hand sinks. CDI: paper towel replenished., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Incorrect date provide for pork and turkey bbq in main prep unit. Products thawed form frozen and labeled with incorrect dates. TCS products prepared or unpackaged and held longer than 24 hours must be date marked unless exempted by this code. CDI: correct date labels provided., 3-504.14 Cooling - Cooked sausage in main prep unit observed at 57F. Product cooling for excess of 6 hours and did not meet required cooling parameters. TCS products undergoing cooling must be cooled from 135F to 70F within 2 hours and from 70F to 41F within 4 hours. CDI: product discarded., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In main prep unit, raw shell eggs stored above ready to eat foods and in raw sausage and raw bacon stored above ready to eat foods and produce in walk in unit. Foods must be stored according to ready to eat status and safe minimum cook temperature to prevent cross contamination. CDI: items moved to correct storage orders."
CONFECTION CONNECTION	95.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seals torn on front two reach-in units, back cupcake freezer and back glass door reach-in., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be cooled rapidly using approved methods. Baked chicken cooked 1 hour ago had been cooling on room temperature shelf and being moved into the reach-in during inspection. Chicken temperature was compliant with cooling time/temperature parameters. Ensure once chicken hits 135F that a rapid method of cooling is used, such as ice baths or placing pan in the freezer., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored separately from food items. Observed can of spray paint, chafing fuel canisters, and a butane torch stored with food items on the middle hallway storage shelf. CDI - items relocated., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal products shall be stored above ready to eat foods. Observed pitcher of raw shell eggs stored above condiments in the prep unit. CDI - eggs moved to bottom."
COOK OUT #63	96.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Several cloths observed damp stored in various location. Once cloths become wet stored in sanitizer solution. Corrected during inspection. Cloths discarded., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Gaskets to prep units and shelving under ice cream machine observed with debris. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-305.11 Food Storage-Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Exposed food on prep table observed with food employees cup on prep table with food. Store drink below food prep area to prevent contamination. Corrected during inspection. Food discarded and drink removed., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Pipe at hand sink leaking. Keep in good repair. Corrected during inspection. Pipe tighten."
COOK OUT #63	95.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed quesadillas in walk-in cooler cooling at 62F. They were in a large container, over stacked, and sealed tightly with saran wrap. They were vented and moved to walk-in freezer where they dropped to 61F in 30 minutes. I had PIC half the portions during inspection to ensue they cooled properly. When cooling use small portions, rapid cooling equipment, and allow containers to vent. CDI., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Observed standing water under grill and dust build-up on ceilings next to vents. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be free from build-up., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection does not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - sliced cheese at grill had no time stamp for time as a public health control and all food products were time stamped for ~2:15pm which was during the time I was waiting to be let into the establishment. Per TPHC procedures foods held on time shall be discarded every 4 hours and time stamps shall be updated once they&#39;re switched. The products were switched out but the time stamps were not updated properly. CDI.  3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control -, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed shake mix at top of milkshake machine (right tank) at 40-48F. Observed corn dogs in drawer cooler next to fryers at 48F and bacon at top of grill prep cooler at 45-50F. TCS foods shall be maintained at 41F and below. Right tank at milkshake machine was emptied and discarded, it will not be used until it&#39;s repaired. Bacon was discarded and corn dogs were put into walk-in to rapidly cool. CDI."
COOK OUT 48	97.5	"2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - An employee was mixing walnuts without a hair restraint. Employees who handle exposed food shall wear hair restraints., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - An employee was seen eating and drink from a coffee mug with an open sipping hole at the fry station. Employee was instructed to remove food and put food down on lower shelf. Employees shall not eat or drink from an open container at food preparation and cooking areas., 6 6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employees&#39; personal food items were stored on shelf above prep sink. Three employee drinks were stored on dry storage shelf, on cold prep unit, and at fry station. Keep employee food items stored in designated areas, and not on prep and working surfaces.  6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - The light under the hood was 30-42 ft-cd above the griddle and fry station. Provide at least 50 ft-cd here."
COOKIN WITH CARMEN	96.5	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - The 3-compartment sink needs cleaning to remove debris prior to filling cleaning and sanitizing solutions. 3-compartment sink shall be cleaned at least daily to prevent accumulation of debris., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (B)(3) Light at the drink station hand sink is 11 ft-cd, and 12 ft-cd at the utensil storage area. Light in the restrooms is 10-9 ft-cd. Provide at least 20 ft-cd in these areas. Light is 18 ft-cd at prep sink, and 45 ft-cd at the prep table in auxiliary room. Provide light at least 50 ft-cd here in these locations., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the stove top and the cooking hood of grease. Clean grease from lower shelf of prep table at cook line., 3-502.11 Variance Requirement - Vendor is cooking jams and canning them to display on the takeout window, and are shelf stable products. Discussed obtaining a Variance for this products. Products were removed from the display. Do not sell these products unless a Variance is obtained., 8-103.11 Documentation of Proposed Variance and Justification - A food item that was prepared and canned for use (apple pie jam) without a Variance approval. Establishment shall obtain approval from the NC DHHS Variance committee prior to conducting the canning process."
COOKOUT WV265	93.5	"4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - No food penetration thermometer is present. The only food thermometer is an infrared, but this only measures the surface of food, and not the internal temperature. Acquire a food penetration thermometer. Will return by 1/29/2022 to verify., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Two employees were not wearing hair restraints, but were processing food orders. Another employee had a cap to cover head, but had loose hair that was not contained. Employees did put on hair restraints. Ensure hair restraints are worn, and effectively contain loose hair, when employees handle exposed foods., 6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - An employee&#39;s keys were sitting on prep table at front shake area when an open cheesecake was present. Keep employee&#39;s personal possessions stored away from food preparation areas to prevent contamination., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee used gloved hands to place raw hamburger patties on the grill for cooking, and removed gloves afterward, but did not wash hands prior to pulling new gloves to don them. Discussed with employee about washing hands after handling raw animal foods. Employee washed hands. Ensure employees understand the need to wash hands after handling raw animal foods, and changing tasks., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - On the cooking/sandwich lines, all TCS foods listed under TPHC were listed on one ticket at 10:00am. Discussed with manager, who described the products as changing often, and more often than this ticket describes. Reviewed procedures, and each TCS food requires marking when placed in position. Items that could not be described as when they were placed out for TPHC were discarded, such as slaw and sliced cheese at grill. Tickets were generated for other"
COUNTRY FARE GRILL	95.5	"7-201.11 Separation-Storage - On the middle table and back undercounter coolers were various bulk packages of cleaning chemicals, soap, detergents, and degreasers stored among items such as canned food, bags of napkins, loosely opened deli papers, and single-use forks. Discussed moving these items. Owner moved all chemical products to separate area. Keep chemical containers away from food, equipment, and single-use articles., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1) In the Sandez freezer, raw goat meat bags opened and portioned (a personal item) was stored on top shelf above items such as fries, okra, and hushpuppies. On opposite side, box of raw Philly meat was stored above similar foods. In the Blue Air freezer, a bag of portioned, non-hermetically sealed raw chicken breasts was stored on bottom with portioned bags of collards and lettuce. Discussed rearranging order to, 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) is available at establishment. Provide a Person-In-Charge with a CFPM certification when preparing and serving food."
COUNTRY INN &amp; SUITES BREAKFAST BAR	96.5	"4-502.12 Single-Service and Single-Use Articles, Required Use - Establishment is currently using multi-use plates, cups, bowls, cups, and utensils with a 2 compartment warewashing sink. Per requirements for Limited Food Establishment (7) Only single-service articles shall be used. See information provided., 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Hair restraints were not provided for staff at kitchen. Food employees shall wear effective hair restraints when working at kitchen., 3-306.11 Food Display-Preventing Contamination by Consumers - Whole apples provided at breakfast bar today for service without protection. Shall provide protection from contamination for these by use of packaging, counter, service line, or salad bar FOOD guards; display cases; or other effective means. VR., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Pre-cooked egg left out at table at 70 F, 2% milk at breakfast bar also was 42 -43 F. Shall maintain temperatures at 41 F or less. CDI- Both were discarded."
COUNTRY INN AND SUITES	94.0	".1826 (i) Ants observed in ac unit for room 222. Guest rooms shall be maintained free of insects, rodents, and pests. Work to eliminate problem here., .1826 (f) At laundry room, wall and floor tiles are in poor repair near washing machines. These shall be in good repair., .1826 (h) Mattresses for rooms 221 and 222 are stained. These shall be kept cleaned and in good repair. .1826 (c) Cleaning and sanitizing chemicals provided today without SDS sheets or instructions for use. Establishment is using MG4 Safe Acid Bathroom Cl"
COUNTRY INN AND SUITES BREAKFAST BAR	93.5	"4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - Must have a thermometer to test food temperatures. No thermometer available. Must get on within 10 days., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Must not use hand sinks for any other purpose than hand washing.  Hand sink with a cup and bits of egg shell and a coffee ground in the basin.  CDI. Moved cup., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Hot held foods must be held hot at 135F or above at all times when cooked and planned to be held for hot holding were at 90F.  Reheated to 202/209F on griddle. CDI., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Cold held foods must be held cold at 41F or below.  Cream cheese at 45F in front cooler.  Recommend to put less cream cheese cups out so they are restocked more allowing less time for items to rise in temperature from heavy use by patrons.  CDI. Discussed turning down the cooler temperature at the small front cooler.  Cream cheese placed in back to cool., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - Must have someone who is a CFPM on duty at all hours of food preparation. No one with an approved certified food protection manager course is working.  210 days has be surpassed from permitting.&amp;#x0D;Employee has a food handler course.  Must be a manager course.  List of 5 approved courses given."
COUNTRY MART 2	91.0	"2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Food employees are not allowed to wear jewelry on arms and hands, except a plain ring such as a wedding band.  Observed food employee wear several non plain rings on hands during dish washing and food prep., 6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - Keep physical facilities in good repair.  Tile coving by door entrance near 3 comp sink is broken, the tile coving in men&#39;s bathroom also needs to be repaired and resealed., 5-501.114 Using Drain Plugs, 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - One dumpster is missing drain plug.  Contact vendor to get one added.  Cleaning needed to remove grease buildup off of outdoor grease container and on the ground surrounding it.  Recommended to have pressure washing services and to contact grease vendor to report service issue with grease being split when collecting., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Cleaning needed to removed food debris on cold holding equipment shelving and gaskets, Hood baffles need cleaning to removed grease buildup.  Cleaning needed on top of ovens and kitchen fan to remove dust buildup., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Utensils stored in food shall be multi use and have a handle.  Observed paper boats stored and used in seasoning containers., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces of equipment and utensils shall be clean to sight and touch.  Observed dishes stored clean with grease and food residue.  Ensure dishes are getting thoroughly cleaned.  Items moved to be rewashed., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Follow establishment written procedures to ensure food is maintained safe.  During arrival foods cooked and holding in glass cabinet were missing times.  PIC stated that person who&#39;s normally responsible had to leave and times were not being kept.  PIC stated that foods were recently cooked within the last two hours and all times were added.  Ensure that all employees follow TPHC procedures."
COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT GRV	94.0	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Sanitizer bucket for wiping cloths held at less than 200 ppm quat. Sanitizers for wiping cloths must be at correct concentration., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Sides and rear of fryer, shelving, and outsides of some containers in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In reach in unit, raw bacon stored directly above ready to eat foods. Foods must be stored according to ready to eat status and minimum safe cook temperature. Corrected during inspection (CDI): items moved to correct storage orders., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some plates and metal pan observed with residual food debris. Keep all food contact surfaces clean."
COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT- GRV	96.5	".1824 - Ice machines chutes observed with buildup on each floor. Keep clean., .1828 - Brooms and duster (upright) and chemical spray nozzles stored over single service items and in storage room items in close proximity to clean linen. Store item on cart to prevent cross contamination."
CRACKER BARREL #495	93.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Two wiping cloth sanitizer buckets observed with wet wiping cloths held in quat sanitizer less than 200 ppm. When held wet, wiping cloths must be held in sanitizer solution of effective concentration. All other sanitizer solutions at correct concentration today., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Several plastic and metal containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Two jugs of milk in beverage prep expired 1/2/22 (observed 1/4/22). Food must be kept safe and free of spoilage. CDI: milk discarded., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving in cold prep units and hot boxes and cooking equipment throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - One container of hard boiled eggs in salad prep unit and one container of sliced cheese in left cold prep unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: Eggs discarded and cheese left in unit for cooling. Employees keeping cold prep unit closed today. All other TCS items in cold prep unit held at 41F and below., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some plastic and ceramic containers in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: items moved to ware washing rea to be cleaned again. Significant improvement to food contact surfaces observed since previous inspection. Facility has implemented additional cleaning procedures and locations for clean equipment. Continue pro"
CREEKSIDE ELEMENTARY CAFETERIA	99.5	"4-204.115 Warewashing Machines, Temperature Measuring Devices - A warewashing machine shall be equipped with a temperature measuring device that indicates the temperature of the water in each wash and rinse tank. Wash water gauge reading below 160F and does not move at all during wash process. Rinse gauge is working. Have repaired. Will return by 12/17/21 to verify wash gauge is working properly."
CUBBIES  2	96.5	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in women&#39;s restroom is 1-3 foot candles and shall be 20 foot candles. Increase lighting., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to handles of reach-in coolers and freezers, on the framing, and on the flooring of the walk-in cooler. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be free from build-up., 7-202-12 Conditions of Use - Bleach being used for food contact surface sanitizer does not indicate on manufacture labeling it&#39;s approved for food contact surface sanitizing. Purchase bleach that is approved for food contact surface sanitizing. I will return on 2/17/22 to ensure it&#39;s available. VR 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Observed bleach sanitizer in bucket and spray bottle above 200ppm chlorine. Ensure chlorine sanitizer is 50-200ppm. Both remade to 100ppm. CDI., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed missing on each side of the walk-in cooler door and below the walk-in cooler door. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under prep sinks, 3 compartment sink, and equipment. Ensure flooring is being cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up."
CUCINA LAMANTIA	93.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on front and sides of line equipment, inside the reach-ins, top of dish machine, and nonfood surfaces of ice machine., 6-501.113 Storing Maintenance Tools - Maintenance tools shall be stored separately from food or single-use items. Several maintenance items stored with food in dry storage area. Remove items from this area. 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept in good repair. Repair holes in wall above prep tables on the line. Repair hole in ceiling tile in the back area above dirty dish area. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restr, 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Toxic chemicals shall be stored separate from food and food contact surfaces. Can of WD-40 and can of paint stored with food items above prep table across from reach-in and in dry storage area, respectively. CDI - can was relocated., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed food debris on potato slicer and debris on ice chute on the ice machine. Some debris on clean plates in the back area. CDI - PIC had items cleaned and sanitized., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Potentially hazardous foods shall be stored separately according to final cooking temperatures and ready-to-eat status. Observed raw veal cutlets stored above tea urns in the reach-in and raw shell eggs and raw bacon stored above bread slices and beef base in the back reach-in. CDI - items were rearranged properly. Left storage chart with facility."
CUCINELLA&#39;S PIZZERIA &amp; ITALIAN ICE	98.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Some light cleaning needed inside freezers, behind prep unit lids, and along prep unit door seals where food debris has accumulated. Cleaning needed on flour bag shelf where flour has built up."
CYPRESS GLEN - STEWART CAFE	96.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Use approved cooling method to ensure rapid cooling is being obtained.  Observed items in reach in coolers, cooling in tightly wrapped or tight fitting lid containers.  Ensure items are being vented or loosely covered to ensure rapid cooling.  Items were vented and moved to freezer for rapid cooling., 3-602.11 Food Labels - Items packaged in establishment must be label according to the Code.  Items in grab and go display cooler and cold holding at salad bar were not all identified on label, some items were missing establishment info were items were packaged, and some items were missing ingredient and sub ingredient information.  Items packaged in the establishment must include: establishment information, common name of food item, and all main and sub ingredients of food listed in descending o, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS food being held hot must be kept at 135F or above.  Broccoli at the steam bar was 100-115F.  PIC discarded items.  During inspection item was transferred from main kitchen after being prepared, not able to verify final cook or duration item had been out of temperature control."
CYPRESS GLEN HOME - (Lodging)	99.0	.1319(c) and .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Patient contact items shall be kept at least 8 inches above the floor. Diapers stored on floor in room 219. Items were moved to the shelf in the closet. Repeat violation.
CYPRESS GLEN MAIN KITCHEN	97.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Cleaning needed on cold holding equipment in kitchen to remove buildup on door seals.  Cleaning needed in walk in units to remove buildup on fans, ceilings, and walls of all units., 3-701.11 Discarding or Reconditioning Unsafe, Adulterated, or Contaminated Food - Food that is unsafe shall be discarded.  Observed 2 heads of cabbages and a pack of strawberries with visible microbial growth and spoilage.  Items were discarded by PIC.  Ensure staff is checking produce for spoiled items and discarding., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS food being cold held must be kept at 41F or below.  Observed TCS items being kept in cold prep unit in front of stove and grill, not being kept at 41F or below.  PIC had all items removed from unit and placed in walk in cooler.  Unit will be removed from service until repaired.  Will come back to verify unit is repaired and holding foods at 41F or below"
D H CONLEY HIGH SCHOOL CAFETERIA	99.0	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - To rolling trash bins have missing lids, and have pooled rainwater and trash in them. Provide lids for these trash bins.  5-501.111 Area, Enclosures and Receptacles, Good Repair - The compactor is leaking hydraulic fluid on the ground, and there are patches of dry-sweep on the ground for absorption. Repair this unit to prevent spills, and ensure it functions properly., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Ceiling tiles in the dry storage room had water stains, and the back wall also has several chipping areas that are leaving lots of dust on the floor. Repair walls to make them smooth and easily cleanable. 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics - Indoor Areas - Replace the two ceiling tiles in the back kitchen area (near the alternate entrance) with ceiling tiles that are nonabsorbent. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Rest"
DA LUNCH BOX	80.0	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - No testing devices for Cl based sanitizer available during inspection. Testing devices must be available for all sanitizers. Verification required. Will Verify by 2/18/2022., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single service containers observed with soil and food debris. Single service articles must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination. CDI: soiled containers removed. Recommend keeping single service containers in original plastic for protection., 2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - One employee observed handling food wearing bracelets and one employee observed handling food with watch. When handling food, no hand or arm jewelry may be worn, other than a smooth plain band on the finger., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Light fixture in rear storage area not working. No light meter reading could be taken in this area due to lack of any available lighting. Provide at least 20 foot candles in this area.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal foods stored with facility products in dry storage and reach in units. Store all employee personal foods in designated areas.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Insides of prep unit, inside of reach in unit, hot service unit and cooking equipment in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Some potatoes in rear storage area observed with signs of deterioration. Food shall be kept safe and free of spoilage. CDI: potatoes discarded., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cheese in top of main prep unit and cooked carrots and chicken stock in reach in unit not cooling at required rate. Cheese cooling in top of prep unit and chicken stock and carrots cooling in tightly sealed containers. CDI: cheese moved to reach in unit and chicken stock and carrots vented for more effective cooling., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities throughout facility in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Some gaskets of reach in units torn. 3 door reach in out of order. Lid of chest freezer rusting, damaged, and missing inside liner. Condensation line in rear reach in freezer disconnected, unit has significant accumulation of condensations and ice.  4-501.12 Cutting Surfaces - Cutting surface of main prep unit observed deeply scored and holding residual soil. Cutting surfaces that are not able to be effetely cleaned and sanitized due to sc, 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Utensils in rear storage area observed with food debris. All food contact surface shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: items placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again. Containers and pans clean today., 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - No hand soap provided at rear hand washing sink. Hand sinks must be provided hand cleanser. CDI: soap provided., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Spray bottle of cleaning chemicals in rear storage area not labeled. Toxic substances in working containers must be labeled. CDI: containers discarded.  7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Container of glass cleaner stored with single service articles in cooking area. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food, equipment, and single service articles., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Chicken and pastry, grits, rice, gravy, and green beans in main service unit held below 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. Majority of products below 135F on left side of hot box. CDI: Items removed for reheating by employee. recommend servicing of unit to ensure unit is capable of holding TCS products at 135F and above., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In front reach in unit, biscuits stored direct below raw shell eggs. IN reach in freezer, non-hermetically sealed biscuits stored directly below open container of raw fish. Foods must be stored according to ready to eat status and safe minimum cook temperature to prevent cross contamination. CDI: items moved to correct storage areas."
DA-NITE LUNCH	93.0	"2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Drinks with no lids were sitting by the stove, and by the chest freezer. Both were discarded. Keep employee drinks stored away from cooking areas and equipment, and provide lids on them to minimize spill potential., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - The ice scoop was stored in the ice bin, but the handle had fallen into the ice. Keep ice scoop handles out of food. Suggest keeping a multi-use container, such as a pan, in here to store the ice scoop., 5 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - The bins used to store unpackaged single-use clamshells, cups, and lids, had food debris in them, including above the cold prep unit, and at the steam table. Keep these items stored in clean locations., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - A wet towel was sitting on the freezer at the cook station, and by steam table. Keep wet towels in sanitizer buckets between uses., 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - The Toastmaster hot plate used for hot holding chili has a label that states  &quot;Household Use Only&quot;. Provide equipment that meets ANSI specifications. Suggest to contact this office with replacement equipment prior to purchase to verify it meets these standards., 2-401.13 Use of Bandages, Finger Cot, or Finger Stalls - Employee has a burn wound on hand. Ensure gloves are used to cover this exposed wound. Gloves were not seen worn during an instance of fry handling. 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Food employees shall wear effective hair restraints when handling exposed food. Employees were handling exposed food, such as cooking orders, and processing food, with uncovered hair and facial hair., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the oven exterior to remove food spills. Clean hand sinks and shelving of grime and food debris. Clean all tables and lower shelving to remove grime and food accumulation. Clean the outside of the ice machine. Clean shelves where cans are stored. Clean splash guard at the steam table., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors need cleaning throughout the kitchen and back storage room. Lots of buildup seen under equipment and on baseboards. Clean shelving for spices and single-use articles above the cold prep unit. Clean walls as well under the 3-compartment sink and side prep table.  6-201.11 Floors, Walls and Ceilings - Cleanability - Seal the exposed wood frame around the air conditioning unit above the prep table. Seal the cut areas and exposed wood around the, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (E)(4) Clean the interior of the ice machine with grime buildup on both sidewalls."
DAIRY QUEEN - W&#39;VILLE	92.0	"2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Two employees observed handling food wearing bracelets. When handling food, no hand or arm jewelry may be worn, other than a smooth plain band on the finger.  2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Two employees observed handling food without hair restraints. one employee donned hat during inspection. When handling food, hair must be effectively restrained., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Observed ice from previous dumping in hand sink at beginning of inspection and  observed employee obtain hot water for steam unit form hand sink. Hand sinks shall be used for no purposes other than hand washing. CDI: discussed use of hand sinks with PIC and employee., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Bags of soft serve mix in left most soft serve dispenser held at 44-45F. When held cold, TCs products must be held at 41F or below. TCs products in main prep unit held at 41F or below today. Verification required for cold holding temperatures in soft serve machine. Will verify by 3/7/2022., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Some nozzles of customer self service beverage dispenser observed with black accumulation. Nozzles of beverage stations smut be cleaned at manufacturer&#39;s specified frequency or at sufficient frequency to prevent soil accumulation.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some utensils and produce slicer in clean equipment storage area observed with food debris. Food contact surface, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Chili in steam table and cheese curds in hot holding box held below 135F. Cheese curds held towards front of unit away form heating portion of unit and low amount of water provided fro chili in steam bath. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: Cheese curds discarded. Water added to steam unit for chili and temperature increased. Product observed reheating. Ensure product reached minimum, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handle raw burgers with gloved hands, remove gloves, and don new gloves to prepare ready to eat foods in main prep area. When transitioning from raw animal foods to ready to eat foods, hands must be washed. Corrected during Inspection (CDI): Employee educates and hands washed."
DAIRY QUEEN GRILL &amp; CHILL #43643	91.5	"4-204.112 Temperature Measuring Devices-Functionality - The air thermometer was missing from the True cold prep unit in the grill area. Keep air thermometers in coolers in the warmest location to ensure air temperatures can be monitored., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Drawer handles are rusty on the drawers of the grill freezer.  Repair the torn gaskets on each Norlake freezer in the Blizzard area. 4-502.11 (A) and (C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensils and Temperature and Pressure Measuring Devices - The air thermometer is not working on the Ice Cream machine. Repair the air thermometer to monitor the internal air temperature., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Live cockroaches were seen on wall by Norlake cooler and in an unused ice bin in the Chill area. Fruit flies are present throughout establishment. Establishment shall create an Integrated Pest Management program (IPM) to control insects in the establishment.  6-501. 112 Removing Dead or Trapped Birds, Insects, Rodents and other Pests - Clean equipment that has dead insects, such as flies and cockroaches. Several equipment pieces have dead cockroaches, egg sacs, etc., 6-303.11 Light under hood and at fry stations is 19-23 ft-cd. Light at back prep sink and bun warmer is 30-25 ft-cd. Light at drink station was 43 ft-cd, and 30 ft-cd at the sandwich tables. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in these areas., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the vents in the walk-in cooler on the condenser. Clean unused equipment, such as the ice bin, Electrofreeze machines to remove food debris. Clean the Chill section coolers and dry goods Norlake cooler to remove food debris, as well as on tops of machine. Clean interior of the Stoelting ice cream machine. Clean unused True cold prep unit. Clean shelves by the bun warmer station. Clean debris from the walk-in freezer floor., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the hot holding cabinet, a pan of hot dogs was 104 F, and a pan of grilled chicken was 116 F. Both pans were discarded. Ensure that TCS foods are maintained at 135 F or higher at all times., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the True cold prep unit, a pan of shredded cheese in the bottom was 48 F. No explanation could be provided for the temperature difference versus all other TCS foods, which were 41 F or less. Product was removed and discarded. Ensure TCS foods remain at 41 F or less at all times."
DEES GRILL	96.5	"2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be onsite during all food prep and service. No CFPM available., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Floor is peeling up and damaged throughout facility. Holes seen in walls in the restroom. Repair paint that has peeled from some of the wall panels in the kitchen area. Toilet seat is chipping. Damaged walls where deep freezer used to be., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored above RTE foods. Observed unpackaged raw shrimp stored above french fries in the reach-in freezer."
DENNY&#39;S #6958	91.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking and cold holding equipment in cooking area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Some tiles in mop pit, kitchen, and ware washing areas observed cracked and/or damaged. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls throughout kitchen and ware washing areas in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Some pieces of cooking equipment observed with missing knobs and shelving observed with sings of rusting and peeling paint. Keep all equipment in good repair. Reach in unit no longer has condensation leak and some helving has been replaced. Continue repairs to equipment., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - IN reach in unit, boxes of raw beef burgers stored directly above containers of pancake batter. Foods must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination. CDI: burgers moved., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee break raw shell egg with gloved  and proceed to handle pancakes with hands without changing gloves or washing hands. When switching from raw animal products to ready to eat foods, hands must be washed to prevent cross contamination. Corrected during inspection (CDI): employee educated, hands washed, and pancakes discarded., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Some items in main prep cooler top, egg prep cooler top, and walk in cooler held above 41F. Egg prep cooler reading at 49F during initial observation. Egg prep cooler pressed directly against wall. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below.  CDI: products in main prep and walk in left to cool, units capable of holding 41F or below. PIC moved cooler from wall to allow air"
DICKINSON AVENUE PUBLIC HOUSE	95.5	"4-501.15 Warewashing Machines, Manufacturer&#39;s Operating Instructions - High pressure final rinse gauge was reading 5 psi. Repair gauges to reflect temperatures as required on the data plate. (15-25 psi). The final rinse gauge was reading 110 F, though test strip turned at 160 F minimum during final rinse. Ensure gauges operate per manufacturer&#39;s data plate., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - A plastic pan of grits was cooling in the Bev. Air Cooler, and was 100 F with tight wrapping on it. Product was reported to have been cooling for at least 1.5 hours. Product was placed on a sheet pan, and placed in the walk-in cooler. Use rapid cooling methods to ensure TCS foods cool rapidly., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Gaskets on grill cooler drawers are bent or torn off. Gasket is torn on Beverage Air undercounter cooler door. Replace gaskets to provide a tight seal. Lower table shelves at Expo station are also rusty. Refinish the rusting racks in the Bar Continental cooler., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the warmer, a container of cheese sauce had been heated for hot holding, but was 108 F. Product was reheated to at least 165 F. Ensure TCS foods are maintained at 135 F or higher at all times."
DIXIE QUEEN 1	97.5	"6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Flies were seen flying in the kitchen area. Use pest control methods to ensure pests are kept out of establishment., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(2) In the left walk-in freezer outside, a tray of opened and prepared raw hamburger steak was stored on top of boxes of fish. Tray was moved to separate area. Ensure that opened raw animal foods are stored away from other raw animal species."
DIXIE QUEEN SEAFOOD #2	95.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring in small dry storage room. Physical facilities shall be maintained clean and free from build-up.  6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Small floor drain cover was not attached to floor drain, have it re-attached so that it&#39;s easily cleanable. Physical facilities shall be in good repair and easily cleanable., 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to handles of refrigeration, door frames of reach-in coolers, gaskets on coolers, and fan covers inside reach-in coolers. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be maintained clean and free from build-up., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed coleslaw being cooled in a very large container. The container has two ice paddles in it and is in the freezer and only cooled 1F in ~30-45 minutes. Cool coleslaw in smaller portions to ensure it&#39;s cooled to 41F within 4 hours of removing from refrigeration. Coleslaw was put in smaller buckets during inspection. CDI, 3-304.15(A) Gloves, Use Limitation - Observed employee that handles ready to eat foods go into walk-in cooler and return to serving line without changing their gloves. When gloves become contaminated they shall be changed (touching handle of walk-in cooler that has been touched by someone handling raw fish). Glove was changed during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed milk wash, shrimp, and several raw fish on ice bath at 50-60F. Ensure when they&#39;re being removed from walk-in cooler they&#39;re being iced immediately and not overfilled in containers. All items that were above 41F were halved and put in the walk-in to cool. CDI"
DOMINO&#39;S PIZZA	97.5	"2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be on-site during all food prep and service. No CFPM available during inspection., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Food items held for TPHC shall be labeled with discard time. Facility&#39;s pizza sauce is held for an extended TPHC via variance obtained from NC DHHS. Two containers of pizza sauce on counter in use were not labeled with discard time. CDI - discard time added to pizza sauce containers."
DOMINO&#39;S PIZZA #4469	96.5	"2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Two employees have facial hair that was not covered while handling exposed food. Employees who handle exposed food shall wear hair restraints and beard restraints., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - An open drink can was sitting on the boxing station table next to chicken bites. Can was discarded. Keep open drinks away from food preparation surfaces, and provide cups with lids for employees&#39; drinks so they can be consumed from a closed container., 6-501.110 Using Dressing Rooms and Lockers - An employee&#39;s cell phone was left on the boxing station table. Keep employee possessions stored in locations that prevent contamination of food and equipment., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - The employee restroom hand sink dispensed running water for ten seconds before shutting off. Adjust water flow to provide at least 15 seconds of continuous flow of water for handwashing. 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - The hot water at the warewashing area hand sink was 60 F after running the water for several minutes. Provide at least 100 F hot water here., 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Pans of tomatoes, pineapples, and olives were on the 3-compartment sink drainboard next to a full compartment of sanitizer that also had utensils sanitizing in it. All of the containers were removed. Also, a box with a bag of alfredo sauce was sitting on the laundry washer. Keep all food away from areas that may result in contamination, whether from splash, or from the environment."
DOMINOS PIZZA 2	94.5	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Repair damaged wall trimming at 3 compartment sink (wall trimming in middle of sink) and corner trimming near where boxes are stored (left side of room). Paint near chemical dispenser at 3 compartment sink is peeling on wall. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors and walls under pizza prep counter, under/around 3, 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - No time stamp on small container of marinara sauce sitting at room temperature today. TPHC procedures shall be followed, product shall be time stamp and discarded at correct times. Marinara discarded during inspection. CDI., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Sanitizer coming out of 3 compartment sink was below 100PPM quaternary ammonia. Sanitizer in bucket and spray bottle tested at 0PPM. Sanitizer shall be 200-400PPM quaternary ammonia. Until dispenser can be fixed establishment shall manually mix and test sanitizer to ensure its 200-400PPM. CDI.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed co"
DOMINOS PIZZA OF AYDEN	97.5	"6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Ceiling vents in rear of facility in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Floor near rear exit damaged. Tiles in this area cracked and broken. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors near rear exit and in walk in unit in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Plastic containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying."
DOWN EAST HOT DOGS PUSH CART	98.5	2-103.11(M) Person in Charge-Duties - Operator could not produce a employee health policy during inspection. A copy of the employee health poster and the Form 1-B were given to the operator and he was informed that anyone who comes and helps prepare and serve food will need to review the policy and sign it.
DUNKIN DONUTS 346892	94.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to inside of prep cooler and on racks inside walk-in cooler. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors and walls throughout facility. Ensure equipment is being moved and cleaned under. Floors and walls shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Observed single-use coffee cup with a lid sitting on prep table where donuts were being prepared. Ensure employee drinks are stored in a designated area where they cannot contaminate foods, single-use items, equipment, etc if spilling. Cup discarded during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed sliced American cheese sitting on shelving above prep cooler at room temperature and white American cheese in prep cooler at 52F. Cold held TCS food shall be held at 41F and below. Cheese in prep was cooled down to 41F within 30 minutes and the cheese on the shelving was discarded. CDI., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employees starting food handling tasks without washing their hands before putting on gloves. When going from a non-food handling activities to food handling ensure employee hands are being washed. Discussed proper hand washing times/procedures with PIC during inspection. CDI.  2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Observed employees using their bare hands to turn off the faucet after washing their hands. Ensure hand towel is used to turn off faucet after hand washing to"
DUNKIN DONUTS 348799	90.0	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Observed sliding doors and top lid on dumpster open, keep doors closed when not actively discarding trash.  5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Observed trash and build-up on grounds around dumpsters, areas around dumpsters shall be maintained clean and free from trash., 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: handles of ovens, gaskets prep cooler drawers, on tops/sides of equipment to remove dust build-up. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Observed door to walk-in freezer and walk-in cooler not sealing. Have hinges or closing mechanisms on doors repaired or replaced so they both fully seal. Hot water on 3 compartment sink will not completely turn off, have faucet handle repaired so that water will completely turn off. Hinge on milk/creamer dispenser is broken, have hinge repaired or replaced. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand towels available at front hand sink when starting inspection. Hand towels shall be available at each hand sink at all times. Towels were restocked during inspection. CDI., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No person with a certified food protection manager certificate working during start of inspection. CFPM shall be present during start of inspection and at all times food is being handled., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handle their phone, leave the food service area and drink a personal drink and return to food service area to make coffees without washing their hands. Employees shall wash their hands when returning to food service area before preparing food or drinks and after contaminating their hands (using their phone). Employee was asked to wash their hands during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - All creamers and milk in front counter reach-in were 48F. The gallon of milk and the individual bottles of milk in the drive-thru reach in were 45F. Opened creamers and milk were discarded and the unopened ones were put into walk-in to cool down to 41F. Establishment will use a 6 hour Time as a public health control on creamers, milks, and drink mixes that require refrigeration. They will be time stam"
DUNKIN&#39; DONUTS # 8477	97.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on floors underneath shelving and ovens in bakery area along with underneath 3-comp sink and shelving in back area., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - A certified food protection manager shall be on-site during all food prep and service. No employees had CFPM certification during inspection."
E B AYCOCK MIDDLE SCHOOL CAFETERIA	97.0	"4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (E)(4) The ice machine had lots of mildew buildup in the chute. Keep the ice machine clean, and clean as often as necessary to preclude microbial growth., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - (A) The black bean burgers on the menu are being marked under TPHC, but are not listed as approved food items on the TPHC list. Supervisor contacted the head office. List will be updated. Ensure TPHC list is kept current."
EAST CAROLINA HEART INSTITUTE CAFETERIA	96.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Sandwiches, sliced tomatoes, diced tomatoes, in several coolers in the front service area observed tightly wrapped on with a covered lid in reach in coolers. Food shall be cooling in rapid cooling equipment, loosely covered and separated in smaller sections. Corrected during inspection. Food placed in freezer for rapid cooling., 5-103.12 Pressure - Hand sink at Starbuck section did not have any water pressure. Ensure water pressure is provided at all hand sinks. Corrected during inspection. Water pressure was provided at hand sink., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation -  All hand sinks in the back kitchen area not providing a flow of water for at least 15 seconds without the need to reactivate the faucet. Ensure metered sinks have at least 15 seconds flow of water before reactivating., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Food on TPHC was not marked at time of initial inspection. Once food is removed from hot/cold holding time shall be recorded in log book. Corrected during inspection Thru education."
EAST CAROLINA REHAB AND WELLNESS - (Lodging)	90.5	".1312(c) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Observed bedpans and urinals in rooms and shared bathroom that were not labeled with resident name and date. Ensure they&#39;re being labeled., .1309 Floors - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under and behind resident beds. Ensure bedding is being moved and cleaned behind frequently enough to be kept clean. .1309 Floors - Observed fecal matter on flooring in a few resident rooms. Flooring shall be kept clean., .1311(a) Lighting, Ventilation and Moisture Control - Lighting in shower room E and D was 1-5 foot candles. Increase lighting in both restrooms to 10 foot candles., .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Additional cleaning needed to walling in resident rooms to remove splash, insect fecal residues (mainly inside closets), and cobb webs in corners of ceiling. Walls and ceilings shall be kept clean.  .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Observed base boarding in several rooms in poor repair, either coming off wall or pushed into the wall. Walls shall be in good repair., .1312(a), (b) or (f) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Additional cleaning needed to flooring in a few resident shared bathrooms to remove fecal matter and general build-up. Toilet and shower rooms shall be kept clean. Observed floor tiling in Shower room E missing and walling tiling in Shower room D missing. Have missing tiling repaired., .1317(a) Vermin Control: Premises : Animal Maintenance - Observed insect fecal matter in resident closets, live cockroaches in a few resident rooms, and live cockroaches in service rooms. Ensure pest control is treating frequently enough to keep insect activity to a minimum and cleaning is being done to remove insect fecal matter."
EAST CAROLINA REHAB AND WELLNESS KITCHEN	95.0	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Corner of wall going to back storage are is damaged and paint is peeling on wall near where tea urn. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair, have damages fixed so walls are smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting at 2 comp prep sink shall be 50 foot candles, it&#39;s currently 35 foot candles. Lighting at wash side of 3 compartment shall be 20 foot candles, it&#39;s currently 15 foot candles. Lighting at 3 door true cooler shall be 10 foot candles, it&#39;s currently 5 foot candles. Have missing or blown light bulbs replaced so lighting is adequate., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Observed gaskets on 3 door true cooler ripped and in poor repair. Observed sanitizer dispensing system in poor repair, it was not dispensing sanitizer properly. It was only dispensing sanitizer concentrate. Ensure equipment is maintained in good repair., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed metal food containers and plates stored on clean racks with dried food residues on them. Also observed the black containers used to hold the food plates stored with food residues inside and on outside of them. Ensure dishes are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all food residues from them. All were put back at 3 compartment sink or dish pit area to be re-washed, rinsed, and sanitized.  4-702.11 Befor"
EAST COAST WINGS &amp; GRILL	94.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Cleaning is still needed on the floors underneath and behind the cooking equipment. The walls in the kitchen also have some stains from food/sauce splashes. Physical facilities shall be cleaned as often as necessary to keep them clean., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - The lighting has fallen to 4fc in the back storage area where the two door freezer is stored. The ceiling appears to be going out. Lighting remains low under the fryers and at the prep closet to the bar. Establishment should switch ceiling light bulbs to LED light bulbs that emit a brighter white light compared to the yellowish light. At least 20fc should be available in storage areas and 50fc at food prep surfaces.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance a, 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - The fryer baskets have an accumulation of breading and grease in between the wire pockets. The food contact surfaces of cooking equipment and pans shall be kept free of encrusted grease deposits and other soil accumulations., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Large sauce buckets that were stored on a prep table did not have labels. Food storage containers storing food items that are not unmistakably recognized such as dry pasta shall be labeled to identify the contents. A label was created and placed on the buckets., 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - The handsink located by the office did not have any hand cleanser available. Each handwashing sink shall be provided with a supply of hand cleaning liquid, powder or bar soap. A bag of handsoap was placed in the dispenser.  Cleaning is needed on the shelving units where the bread is stored, and cleaning is still needed on the side of the fryers but the space underneath the fryers has been cleaned. Non food contact surfaces of equipment shall be maint, 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - The Whirlpool freezer that is being used in the establishment has a label that says it is for household use only. Except for toasters, mixers and microwave oven equipment shall be approved for sanitation by ANSI or other approved agency for use in a establishment. Establishment should obtain an additional commercial freezer unit for the storage of fries, chicken, tater tots and other food items. 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustmen"
EASTERN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL CAFETERIA	99.5	"4-901.12 Wiping Cloths, Air Drying Locations - Quaternary ammonia sanitizer inside of sani buckets tested at ~100ppm. Quaternary ammonia sanitizer shall be 200-400ppm. Sanitizer comes out of dispenser at 200ppm, I recommend having service company adjust concentration to 300ppm so the sanitizer last longer."
EAT 23 CAFE	92.0	"6-305.11 Designation-Dressing Areas and Lockers - Designated areas for employee belongings shall be away from food, clean equipment, and clean single-service articles to prevent contamination. Employee mask, jacket, keys, and wallet stored in wait station cabinet with some items in contact with single-service to-go trays. Items were rearranged during inspection., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Cleaning is needed on the shelving of the small reach-in cooler holding pancake mix and inside the upright reach-in freezer to remove food debris., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Floors need cleaning throughout the facility. Mildew is building up around the floor drain, wall, and pipes under the drainboard of the dish machine. Highly recommend sealing off the old faucet hole in the drain board that is allowing water to drain onto the floor and create this environment. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - A plug is placed in the hole here, but is not large enough to seal it, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Time/Temperature Control for Safety (TCS) foods held cold shall maintain temperatures of 41?F or below. Diced sausages were stored in front of the flat top grill today. Sausages are normally stored in the bottom of the prep cooler. Sausages had been removed during busy breakfast service. Sausages were placed in the prep cooler and were cooling properly. Discussed holding the sausages hot on the flat t, 3-302.11(A)(1) Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw foods shall be stored separately from ready-to eat foods. Raw sausage and corned beef were stored over ready-to-eat sliced apples in the walk-in cooler today. Items were rearranged during inspection., 3-501.18 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Disposition. - TCS, ready-to-eat foods opened or prepared in the facility cannot be held for longer than 7 days, including the date of opening or preparing. In the walk-in cooler, bologna and tuna salad were dated 4/12 with discard dates of 5/12. These items can only be held for 7 days. Items should have been sold or discarded on 4/18. Items were discarded during inspection."
EAT TO LIVE	96.0	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Establishment has floor damage near the handwashing sink and in the dry storage room. Physical facilities shall be maintained in a state of good repair and condition., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Squeeze bottles and a container storing what appeared to be salt or sugar were observed without a label. Food storage containers storing food items that are not unmistakably recognized such as dry pasta shall be labeled to identify the contents. Discussed with operator placing the squeeze bottles in a plastic container and labeling the container instead of labeling each individual bottle., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - Operator of the establishment is not a certified food protection manager. At least one employee shall be a certified food protection manager and present at the establishment during hours of operation."
EC PHO VIETNAMESE NOODLE HOUSE	85.5	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed clean utensils being stored on drain board of prep sink while container of raw shrimp was also being stored on drain board. Ensure clean utensils are being stored in a manner that they are protected from contamination. All were moved to a container away from the shrimp during inspection. CDI., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager available during time of inspection. A CFPM shall be available while food is being prepared., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed chemical spray bottles that were not labeled with the chemical solution inside them. Ensure spray bottles are properly labeled to identify the solution inside. All were labeled during inspection. CDI., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring in walk-in cooler and walk-in freezer. Floors shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - There shall be a PIC during time of inspection. There was no PIC when starting inspection, front of house manager had to call owner to come walk with me. Waitress walked with me until owner arrived. A person in charge shall be available and knowledgeable of food safety in the kitchen., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed peanut butter sauce, unsalted butter, melted unsalted butter, chicken broth, and wrapped shrimp/veggies for spring rolls above 41F. The sauces, butters, and broth were being kept out at room temperature. The shrimp/veggies for spring rolls were being double stacked at the top of the small 1 door prep cooler. Ensure TCS foods are being maintained at 41F and below.  3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time /, 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed cooked meats, kimchee, cabbage, and broths inside walk-in cooler without date marks on them. The meats and kimchee were cooked/made 2 days ago, the cabbage today and yesterday, and the broths were done the day before but are done every 3-4 days. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being date marked if not used within 24 hours. All were dated during inspection. In the future if items are not properly date mark, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Observed scoop used for cooking inside hand sink near cook line and a single-use container stored in hand sink near prep sinks. Hand sinks shall not be used for storage and only for hand washing purposes. Both were removed during inspection. CDI., 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Observed container with broth spices stored on flooring near stove and boxes of food inside walk-in freezer on the floor. Ensure containers of foods are being stored up off the flooring at least 6&quot;. Spices were picked up off the ground, the food in the freezer is stacked too high to move., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed food containers that were in-use and being stacked where clean containers are stored with old date mark labels on them. Observed metal bowls with greasy residues on the outside of them. Food contact surfaces shall be thoroughly cleaned inside and outside to remove debris and residues. Each time date mark stickers and their residues shall be removed. All were moved to 3 compartment sink during inspect"
ECONOLODGE	93.0	".1824(h) Sinks in guest rooms not sanitized before washing ice buckets and lids. Sanitize sinks in guest rooms before washing multiuse articles., .1824(k) No test strips provided for sanitizer solutions. Acquire test strips to ensure effective sanitizer concentration., .1827(c) Chemical bottle on housekeeping carts need labeling. Keep all chemicals in working containers identified., .1824(c) Lids of ice buckets and containers used for waffle mix not sanitized after washing. Sanitize all non-cooking food contact surfaces after washing., .1828(b) Pillows, pillow cases, sheets, blankets, and mattress covers in guest rooms show stains. Keep all linens in guest rooms clean."
ECONOMY INN	83.5	".1824 (b) racks in refrigerators in guest rooms show signs of rusting. Keep equipment in good repair., .1825(c) No hand washing sink provided in laundry area for employees that handle soiled linens. Create hand hygiene policy or install hand sink., .1827(c) Chemicals stored over clean linen sin storage area. Keep chemicals stored separate from clean linens. Chemical bottles on housekeeping carts not labeled. Keep chemical bottles labeled., .1828(c) Stack of washed bed sheets stored on floor in laundry storage area. Keep all clean linens stored off of floor., .1828(d) Clean linens exposed to debris and chemicals on housekeeping cart and broom on cart not inverted. Store items on housekeeping cart in a way that prevents contamination., .1826(f) floors in guest rooms and hallways are in need of cleaning and ceiling tiles in hallways in need of repair., .1826(h) furniture in guest rooms showing signs of wear and damage. Chairs and drawers in guest rooms in need of cleaning. Keep all furniture in clean and in good repair., .1828(a) Linens on beds in guest rooms damaged and stained. Keep all guest linens clean and in good repair"
ECU CATERING KITCHEN	98.0	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Unused utensils on storage racks were reported to not be used for some time, and had collected dust and flour debris. Keep these utensils clean to minimize dust and debris accumulation., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (C) A slicer was used yesterday, but food debris was not cleaned from the slicer blade. Blade was removed for cleaning. Ensure food-contact surfaces are cleaned no longer than four hours after use."
ECU CLARK LECLAIR STADIUM	95.0	"4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Keep food contact surfaces clean and sanitized.  Thermometer stored with residue.  White scoop with light residue.  Scissors placed in pop corn holder from cutting bag where popcorn will rest when popped. CDI.  Cleaned/sanitized., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Keep foods hot at 135F or above.  Hot dogs fell below 135F from prep and hot box turned on a bit later. CDI.  Reheated to 165F or above., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Must wash hands properly for 10 sec scrub and 10 sec rinse minimum.  Employee was washing hands total less than 10sec seconds.  CDI. Education. Washing hands properly instructed."
ECU SCHOOL OF HOSPITALITY LEADERSHIP	96.5	"2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Observed food handler with a watch on when starting inspection. The only wrist/finger jewelry allowed is a single banded ring., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed green beans and mashed potatoes inside hot box at 120-130F. Ensure hot held foods are maintained above 135F while hot holding. Both were reheated above 165F during inspection. CDI., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed open bags of deli meats, cheeses, black beans, and milk past their 7 day date mark. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being discarded after 7 days of use. All were discarded during inspection. CDI."
ECU STARBUCKS TRUCK	99.5	
ECU THE WRIGHT PLACE	98.5	3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - The half and half and milk creamers for Einstein were dated with label for TPHC that stated date of 1/28/2022. Both carafes were removed to change. Ensure carafes are accurately dated to ensure they reflect the information regarding TPHC beginning.
ECU WRIGHT PLACE STARBUCKS	99.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wiping cloths were sitting out on a prep sink, and not enough sanitizer was available in the sanitizer bins to keep the towels immersed. Ensure wiping cloths that are in-use or wet are maintained in appropriate sanitizer concentration with sufficient amount to submerge the towel."
EDIBLE ARRANGEMENTS	90.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Cleaning needed on floor throughout kitchen to remove food debris and buildup.  Keep physical facility clean and in good repair., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed on shelving in kitchen area to remove food debris and buildup.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Much improvement made since last inspection with keeping non food contact surfaces clean., 4-204.112Temperature Measuring Devices - Functionality - No air thermometer was present in reach in cooler.  A probe tip thermometer was there instead and when tested in ice bath it read 27 F.  Use thermometer that accurately displays temperature in refrigerator units.  PIC replaced thermometer with working one., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager (CFPM) present today.  CFPM must be present during all hours of food handling and preparation., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Sanitizer solution was being added to bottle that was labeled Spic and Span.  Do not use bottles that have been previously used for other chemicals.  Bottle was removed., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - The faucet at the hand sink on front line is loose and needs to be repair.  Have faucet tightened.  Keep plumbing in good repair., 6-202.11 Light Bulbs, Protective Shielding - Replace lighting shield that is missing in kitchen area.   6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at prep and 3 comp sink,  prep table were fruit is dipped are between 30-40 ft cd.  Increase lighting in these areas to at least 50 ft cd.  6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in walk in cooler is 40 near door and decreases to 2 throughout walk in.  Increase lighting so that 10 ft cd can be achieved throughout., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Dumpster door was left open.  Keep door and lid to dumpster closed in between uses.  Door was closed., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Chemical bottle was tested at 500ppm and was being used to clean prep table.  Chemical solutions must be used in accordance to manufacture&#39;s specification.  Educated staff on how to properly mix concentrated sanitizer solution and test., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cut melons in reach in cooler were 42-43 F.  Potentially hazardous food being cold held must be kept at or below 41 F.  Cooler ambient is 41 F.  PIC stated that staff open door frequently.    Adjust temperature so that unit can keep up with demand."
EDWARDS DISCOUNT PHARMACY	93.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Eggs cooling in container tightly sealed with plastic wrap. Eggs cooling at insufficient rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: eggs vented fro cooling. Discussed cooling methods with PIC., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single service foil sheets stored directly next to hand sink. No splash guard present for hand sink and splash form hand washing observed landing on single service articles. Single service articles must be stored in such a way that prevents their contamination. CDI: sheets moved. Single service articles stored above the floor today., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Prep units and cooking equipment in need of cleaning. Keep all food contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed since previous inspection., 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics - Indoor Areas - Some areas of walls have been patched over with wall filler material. Wall filler material is not sealed or smooth. Unfinished wall material does not provide surface that is smooth and easily cleanable. Some portions of cabinet holding hand sink have damaged finish or missing caulk, exposing wood beneath. Absorbent wall board placed on wall behind main prep unit. Provide surfaces that are smooth and easily cleanable. 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some metal containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.   4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Shelving for storing clean equipment and utensils observed with accumulations. All clean equipment and utensils must be stored in a clean, dry location., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents in prep area, fan in main cooking area, and vents in restrooms in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handle raw sausage with gloved hands, change gloves, and immediately transition to handling lemons for beverages. When transitioning from raw animal products to ready to eat foods, hands must be washed to prevent contamination. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Employee educated and hands washed."
EGG YOLK CAFE	91.5	"6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - Keep physical facilities in good repair.  Repair needed to replace broken tile under where fire extinguisher is located.  Tile coving near service sink are and back door needs to be repair to reseal coving to wall.   6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - Facility shall be free of items unnecessary to the establishment such as unused equipment. Several pieces of unused equipment stored in back storage area, 3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens - PIC stated that steak are cooked to order.  Establishment&#39;s menu only reminds customers that eggs are cooked to order.  Have menus edited/updated to include that eggs and steaks are cooked to order.  Will return to verify menu change for steak being cooked to order., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths must be kept in sanitizer solution at effective concentration.  Observed wiping cloths stored in sanitizer solution above 1100 ppm.  Ensure that containers of sanitizer solution are tested before use to verify effective concentration.  Containers were discarded., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Keep chemicals and toxic materials stored away from food, clean equipment and single service and single use items.  Observed hand sanitizer bottle stored on prep table next to food and equipment, container of furniture stainer stored on shelfs with food and single service items.  Items were removed., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Establishment must follow written procedures for maintaining potentially hazardous through time.  Eggs that were held out of temperature control were not labeled or documented when they were removed from temperature control.  PIC added time to sheet.  Ensure that written procedures for TPHC are being maintained to keep food safe., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Opened case of raw pork patties stored above open containers of ready to eat turkey sausage and whole cut raw meats.  Stored raw animal food properly according to final cook temperature to prevent contamination.  Raw sausage moved to correct storage., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Chemical sanitizing solution must be maintained at effective concentration levels.  Chlorine solution for dishmachine tested below 50 ppm.  Were not able to resolve issue.  PIC will fill sanitizer side of 3 comp sink to dip washed dishes until repairs made to dish machine.  Will return to verify sanitizing solution of dish machine is fixed.   4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-C"
EL AZADOR #2	92.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seal torn on the pit room reach-in and the one door reach-in freezer., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting -  Lighting shall be at least 50 foot candles in all food prep areas and at least 20 foot candles in handwashing and warewashing areas. Pit room grill is 22-31fc, pit room prep sink is 16fc, pit room prep table is 18fc. Increase these areas to at least 50 foot candles.  Lighting at 3-comp sink is 18-69fc, pit room handsink is 13fc. Increase lighting to at least 20 foot candles in these areas. 6-501.110 Using Dressing Rooms and Lockers - Employees shall use designate, 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept in good repair. Repairs needed on walls in pit room above prep sink and below handsink. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Walls and ceilings of pit room have copious amounts of grease build-up., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC shall demonstrate knowledge by having being a certified food protection manager, having no priority violation items, and answering inspector&#39;s questions correctly. Priority item violations observed during inspection, PIC unsure about correct storage order during inspection., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be onsite during all food prep and service. No CFPM available., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Items held for TPHC shall have written procedures and shall be labeled with discard time. Eggs held for TPHC but were not labeled and PIC could not locate written procedures. CDI - eggs marked with discard time, procedure template provided., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored below ready to eat foods. Observed raw steaks stored above ready to eat ham in the prep unit and raw sausage stored above fully cooked turkey sausage and bologna and raw eggs stored above hot dogs in the 2 door reach-in cooler. CDI - items rearranged. Discussed with PIC about proper storage order."
EL AZADOR TAQUERIA	97.0	"3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous food being hot held shall be kept at or above 135F.  Observed cooked chicken at steam table temp 110-115F.  The pan of chicken was in a very shallow pan and was double panned with loose foil wrap providing covering.  Chicken was removed and reheated to 165F in oven.  A single pan and lid were added to chicken to help maintain temperature, 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Sanitizer solution must be kept and maintained at effective concentration.  Observed chlorine sanitizer bottles flash test strips when tested.  PIC remade bottle to correct concentration.  Talked with PIC to retrain staff on making solutions and testing to ensure effectiveness."
EL GRAN TEQUILA	95.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required, 4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Pans were stacked wet at shelving above dish machine today. Shall be sure to separate to allow to air dry. Corrected during inspection. Knife was stored between 2 prep coolers. Shall not store here, but at a clean, dry surface. CDI- Removed., 2-303.11 Prohibition-Jewelry, 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Kitchen employee was observed preparing food without a beard restraint and was also wearing a bracelet. Shall be sure to limit jewelry to a plain ring, such as a wedding band only and to restrain hair and beards., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment, 4-502.11(A)&amp;amp;(C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensils and Temperature and Pressure Measuring Devices - Walk-in freezer has excess ice accumulation inside unit here. Shall work to eliminate excess condensation here. Replace cracked lid for bulk container used for beans., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Salsa at one door reach-in cooler was 44 - 45 F and shredded cheese and shredded lettuce at top of prep cooler were 53 F. Shall maintain foods at 41 F and below. Be sure that foods are properly cooled to 41 F before storing at units and keep covered during operating times to maintain temperature. CDI- Cheese and lettuce removed."
EL RANCHERO MEXICAN RESTAURANT	96.5	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Cups stacked at the beverage station were wet. Ensure utensils such as cups are air dried prior to stacking.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - A container storing clean utensils at the microwave in the kitchen had debris in the container. Keep containers and storage areas for utensils clean to prevent contamination., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - The doors to the Maximum 2-door cooler do not easily stay shut when closing without forcing them closed. Ensure these doors seal and hold closed to ensure equipment properly functions to hold TCS foods at 41 F or less. Also, refinish the rust from the clean utensil racks in the warewashing area., 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - In the walk-in freezer, received boxes of pork were stored on the floor, and a bus pan with raw chicken was stored on the floor in the walk-in cooler. Keep food containers at least 6 inches off the floor. 6-404.11 Segregation and Locations - Distressed Merchandise - Three damaged tomato cans were stored on the can rack after unpacking. Two were crushed, and one had the seal popped. All three were removed and placed in the offic, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Maximum 2-door cooler, the temperatures of all TCS foods checked were above 41 F, ranging from 46 F - 54 F. All products were discarded. Employee stated he observed the door was cracked open from the previous evening. Toward the end of the walkthrough, the air temperature on the air thermometer indicated 39 F. Ensure TCS foods are at 41 F or less during storage."
ELMHURST ELEMENTARY SCHOOL CAFETERIA	99.0	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Store the boxes of single-use clamshell containers off the floor at least six inches in the dining seating area. Boxes are sitting directly on the floor. Also, two boxes of single-use lids were stored on the table across from the 3-compartment sink with soiled utensil pans, that were also wet, causing the boxes to get wet as well. Stored single-use articles in a clean location protected from c, 4-301.14 Ventilation Hood Systems, Adequacy - Water is dripping from the corner of the hood system, at corner where CVAP hot box is located. A bucket was used to catch dripping water on the floor. Hood had condensate buildup across the interior. Ensure that the hood system can adequate removed condensate, and does not allow dripping. 6-501.110 Using Dressing Rooms and Lockers - Two personal jackets were hanging from the can storage rack. Keep jackets stored in a location that is away from food s"
EMPIRE BUFFET	91.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be cooled rapidly using approved methods. Sushi had just been prepped and was on the cold buffet line above 41F. Since this piece of equipment is not meant for cooling, sushi must be cooled in a refrigerator or freezer. CDI - sushi moved to reach-in to rapidly cool., 6-501.110 Using Dressing Rooms and Lockers - Employees shall use designated areas to store personal possessions to prevent contamination. Employee phone, coats, and purse stored with food items in the dry storage closets., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Food offered for human consumption shall be safe and unadulterated. Observed entire container of ginger root with white fuzzy mold growth. CDI - container discarded., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Chlorine sanitizer shall be between 50-200ppm and shall not exceed 200ppm. Observed employee using sanitizer on prep tables that immediately bleached out test strips when tested. CDI - PIC added water to solution to bring concentration between 50-200ppm., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Doors of the reach-in across from fryers need cleaning of sticky residue. Some grease accumulation present on the hood baffles. Cleaning needed on the shelving in the dry storage unit of food debris., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Equipment and utensils shall be fully air dried after sanitizing. Cups at the wait station are wet stacked.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Equipment and utensils shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination. Several tongs and multi-use gloves stored on the divider between 3-comp sink and prep sink where raw chicken was being prepped. Recommend storing th, 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored in foods with handles elevated out of foods. Observed bowl stored in seasoning in the smoker. Do not use bowls as they do not have handles and may cause contamination from hands. Handle of scoop stored in the MSG was lying in the food. Observed in-use tongs stored on rusty piping on the cook line., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths shall be stored in sanitizer in between uses. Observed wet wiping cloth on back prep table near dish area. Sanitizer buckets in wait staff areas did not register on test strips., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Unidentifiable foods shall be labeled with common name when not in original packaging. Large container of seasoning in the smoker, various seasonings on the cart on the cook line, and tub of flour in dry storage without labels."
ERNIE&#39;S GRIFTON GRILL	93.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Inside of hood, some shelving, sides of burners and flat top, and bottom of reach in units in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Concrete floor in rear of facility observed with some areas of eroded seal and paint. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floor in rear of facility in need of cleaning and ceiling tiles near hood in need of cleaning to remove soot and grease accumulation. Keep all physical facilities clean., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Sliced cheese. shredded cheese, bologna, and smoked sausage in large reach in held above 41F. Per discussion with PIC, unit left open for prolonged period during breakfast prep and bologna left out during prep. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below. CDI: item left in unit to cool. Keep unit closed when not in immediate use to ensure complaint temperatures., 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - Package of hot dogs in main prep unit prepared 3 days before inspection not date marked. When held longer than 24 hours, ready to eat foods prepared or unpackaged held longer than 24 hours must be date marked unless exempt. CDI: hot dogs voluntarily discarded.  3-501.18 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Disposition. - Chicken salad in re, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Shelving in prep unit showing some signs of rusting, gasket of main prep unit observed torn, shelving of main reach in rusting and chipping paint. and shelf of prep table showing signs of rusting. Keep all equipment in good repair."
ERNIES FAMOUS SUBS 1	91.0	"2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Two employees observed handling food wearing rings with stones. When handling food, no hand or arm jewelry may be worn, other than a smooth plain band on the finger. Employees wearing hair restraints today., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at fryers at 38-47 ft-cd. provide at least 50 ft-cd in this area (foot candles). Lighting increased since previous inspection.  6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee personal items stored with facility foods in dry storage area. Store all employee items in designated areas., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, prep area, oven, and shelving throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities throughout facility in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - No soap provided in men&#39;s restroom. Hand cleaner must be provided at all hand sinks. CDI: soap provided.  6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying provisions provided at hand sink in men&#39;s restroom. Hand drying provisions must be provided at all hand sinks. CDI: paper towel provided., 8-103.12 Conformance with Approved Procedures - During ware washing, observed employee mix bleach in to wash solution for sanitizing during wash step. Per approved procedures, facility is to wash and sanitize in the two compartments provided. Rinsing step is to be completed over wash compartment. Approved variance procedures must be followed. CDI: Discussed variance procedures with PIC. Recommend review of ware washing procedures with employees., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Spray quaternary ammonia sanitizer at greater than 400 ppm. Sanitizers must be used at correct concentration to prevent chemical hazard. CDI: sanitizer discarded by PIC and new sanitizer provided following manufacturer&#39;s instructions. Use quaternary ammonia sanitizer at 200-400 ppm., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cheese  above fill line of containers in prep units held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: excess cheese removed., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Multiple containers in clean equipment storage area observed with residual debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: containers placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Cutting surface where sandwiches are prepped observed with food debris. Per discussion with PIC, surface is cleaned once per day and"
FAIRFIELD INN &amp; SUITES	98.0	".1828(d): Items on housekeeping carts should be arranged to prevent contamination of items for guests. Housekeeping cart on second floor had Pepsi bottle and gum wrapper in contact with coffee sleeves. This cart and cart on the fourth floor both in need of organization to separate chemicals from single-use items. Manager stated they have recently hired all new staff and the housekeeping carts is one of his main focuses to improve. If employees keep beverages on the carts, recommend keeping them"
FAIRFIELD INN &amp; SUITES BREAKFAST	95.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Eggs and sausage cooling in tightly sealed containers in reach in. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: containers vented and Discussed Cooling methods with PIC., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Self metering faucet in men&#39;s restroom will not provide water unless mechanism is held down and self metering faucet in women&#39;s restroom provides water for maximum of 8 seconds.  A self-closing, slow-closing, or metering faucet shall provide a flow of water for at least 15 seconds without the need to reactivate the faucet., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cheese and cream cheese in breakfast service area held outside of refrigeration held above 41F. Milk in reach in unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: Per discussion with PIC, cream cheese brought out less than one hour before inspection and milk delivered at beginning of service. Per discussion, milk placed in reach in unit upon arrival of PIC, but delivery"
FAITH ASSEMBLY	96.0	"4-501.110 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - Water provide for warewashing at kitchen today only reached 108 F. Warewashing machine requires a minimum temperature of 120 F for chemical dish machine. This needs to be adjusted. VR., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - Sanitizer at dish machine measured at 25 ppm. Shall measure at least 50 ppm. VR., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM was not on duty today during times of operation. Shall have a CFPM on duty at all times."
FALKLAND ELEMENTARY SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to corners of dry storage racks to remove build-up from mice droppings and cleaning needed to gaskets/framing on 2 door reach-in in back storage area. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Dish machine dish detergent hooked up to sanitizing dispenser at 3 compartment sink. Ensure proper sanitizer concentrate is hooked up to sanitizer dispenser at 3 compartment sink and check to ensure sanitizer is 200-400ppm regularly. Sanitizer concentrate was hooked up and sanitizer read at 300ppm. CDI."
FAMIGLIA	94.0	"2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Two employees observed handling food without beard restraints and one employee observed handling food without hair restraint. when handling food, hair must be effectively restrained., 3-201.11 Compliance with Food Law - During inspection, observed part owner of facility bring cake for restaurant service to facility. Per discussion with PIC, individual made cake at home and brought cake to facility for use in food service. Food shall be obtained from sources that comply with law. All foods must be sourced from facilities under jurisdiction of a regulatory authority. Do not serve home baked or made goods at facility. CDI: discarded., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Spray bottle stored in hand sink in bar area. Hand sinks shall be used for no purpose other than hand washing. CDI: bottle removed.  5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sinks in women&#39;s restroom and employee restroom provided hot water at less than 100F. Hot water must be provided at all hand sinks at a minimum of 100F., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Pasta in overfill of container in main prep unit top and pizza sauce in pizza prep area held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products smut be held at 41F or below. CDI: discarded. Discussed fill line with PIC. Pizza sauce moved to cooler. Significant improvement to cold holding practices observed since previous inspection., 3-301.11 Preventing Contamination from Hands - Observed employee handling bread for sandwich using bare hand. After handling, sandwich placed on plate for service. Ready to eat foods must be prepared using gloved hands or utensils to prevent contamination form hands. CDI: sandwich discarded. reviewed glove use with PIC and employee."
FARMVILLE CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL CAFETERIA	97.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed cloths being stored in soapy water during inspection. Cloths shall be stored in a properly mixed sanitizer between uses., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee enter food service area after eating food then put on gloves to scoop ice without washing their hands. Employee shall properly wash their hands before working with food or using clean utensils when first entering kitchen/food service area. Employee was trained during inspection. CDI."
FARMVILLE CENTRAL HS BASKETBALL CONCESSION	97.0	"5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Do not block hand sink.  Hand sink blocked with chips. CDI.  Removed chips., 2-301.15 Where to Wash - Hands must be washed at the hand sink.  Hand sink blocked. Hands washed at 2 comp sink. CDI.  Education"
FARMVILLE MIDDLE SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.5	3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - None of the TPHC time on line had been filled out on the production log for foods on TPHC. Ensure this time is being recorded when TPHC foods are removed from hot and cold holding. Times were recorded during inspection. CDI.
FARMVILLE PIZZA	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to handles of reach-in freezer, to bottom of reach-in freezer, top of pizza oven, and to the hood grates. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed raw chicken tender laying on top of container of olives used for salads. Observed open bag of sun dried tomatoes laying aginst container of raw chicken tenders. Ensure foods are being separated and stored by their minimum safe final cooking temperatures. Container of olives discarded and bag of sun dried tomatoes moved to top shelving. CDI."
FIRE HOUSE SUBS	96.0	"2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Employee observed handling food wearing watch, When handling food, not had  or arm jewelry may be worn, other than a smooth plain band ion the finger. All food handling employees wearing effective hair restraints today., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Sides and bottoms of reach in freezer pulling away from edge of unit, exposing insulation. Gaskets of main prep unit and reach in units observed torn and damaged. Keep all equipment in good repair., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Inside of toaster oven, shelving in rear storage area, table surrounding steam units, and inside of left reach in freezer in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In two containers of cheese, cheese stored above fill lines of containers. Cheese above fill lines of container above 41F and cheese below fill lines held at 41F or below. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: excess cheese removed and placed into bottom of cooler. All other TCS products held at 41F and below today. Employees keeping cold holding equipment closed when not in use"
FIREHOUSE SUBS	94.0	"4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - SINGLE-SERVICE and SINGLE-USE ARTICLES shall be stored in a clean container.  The container of lids at the self service drink station needs to be cleaned., 2-303.11 Prohibition-Jewelry - FOOD EMPLOYEES may not wear jewelry including medical information jewelry on their arms and hands.  Two food employees observed working with food with watches on their wrist.   2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Food employees shall wear hair restraints that designed and work to effectively keep hair from contacting exposed food and clean equipment.  The visors and hair tie worn by food employees is not an effective hair restraint., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - NonFOOD-CONTACT SURFACES of EQUIPMENT shall be cleaned at a frequency necessary to preclude accumulation of soil residues. Gaskets on coolers on serve line have buildup on the gasket and contact point.  The doors of each cooler on the service line have buildup on the handles.  Keep these clean, 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - Food prepared in the establishment and held for more than 24 hours shall be date marked.  Several items on the cold make station are not labeled correctly.  Person in charge stated that they were not able to remove prior labels and update due to catering orders from previous day.  Keep prepared food items labeled., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - EQUIPMENT shall be maintained in a state of repair and condition.  Gasket on the Artic Air freezer is torn and needs to be replaced.  There is a leak coming from either the small or large make station coolers that needs to be serviced.  On the far right side of the make station the cutting board knob that keeps the board in place is missing and needs to be repaired."
FIRST BREAK	95.5	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - No test strips available. Provide test strips. Will return within 10 days to verify compliance., 5-501.112 Outside Storage Prohibitions - Dumpsters must be on a non-absorbent surface. Dumpsters stored on grass., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Piping from prep sink leading to wash compartment observed overflowing. Pipe at prep sink needs to be checked for blockage. Will return within 10 days for compliance., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager on duty during inspection."
FIRST WATCH	97.5	"5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Handsinks may only be used for handwashing and nothing shall be stored in it. Observed pitcher of water stored in the line handsink next to walk-in. CDI - pitcher removed. 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - Handwashing cleanser shall be available at each handsink at all times. Soap dispensers not dispensing soap at the handsink next to the walk-in and the handsink next to the dish area. CDI - bottles of soap placed at sin, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods shall be held hot at 135F or above. Carnitas held on wire rack on the griddle was below 135F. CDI - carnitas reheated properly. Recommend storing the pan of carnitas directly on the griddle to ensure proper heat contact."
FIVE GUYS BURGERS &amp; FRIES 1140	97.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Some cleaning needed on hood baffles. Improvement from last inspection., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be rapidly cooled using approved methods. Cut tomatoes and raw burger patties cooling from prep tightly closed in plastic containers. CDI - containers vented. Leave foods uncovered or loosely covered to allow cold air flow around the product., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Access to handsinks shall be maintained at all times. Observed vegetable wash hose in back handsink due to the hose leaking. CDI - hose removed from handsink. Do not store anything in handsink., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on floors under front counters on both sides of kitchen entrance. Walk-in floors have build-up of debris under the shelves and in the corner. Wall behind prep unit has some food splatter."
FIVE POINTS MART COMMISSARY	92.5	"6-501.18 Cleaning of Plumbing Fixtures - Plumbing fixtures shall be kept clean. Hand sink next to drink machine is discolored. Toilet in restroom is in need of cleaning. Clean these items., 4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - Facility must have test kits to check the concentration of sanitizers. Bottle of ready-to-use quat sanitizer in the back of the kitchen today. Facility does not have quat test strips. Manager stated that they do not use this sanitizer. Bottle was removed from the kitchen., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Floor needs cleaning under the cabinet holding the drink machine. Debris is accumulating here., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand sinks shall be equipped with paper towels. No paper towels available at the back hand sink today. Paper towels were provided during inspection. 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Hand sinks shall be accessible at all times. Back hand sink blocked by crates of sodas today. Crates were moved., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Repackaged foods shall be stored away or below sealed commercially packaged foods in the freezer. In the reach-in freezer, repackaged raw chicken stored over an open box of commercially processed burger patties over box of popsicles. Another bag of raw chicken stored over commercial bag of chicken nuggets. Items were rearranged during inspection. Keep raw chicken on the bottom of the cooler., 3-501.18 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Disposition. - Time/Temperature Control for Safety (TCS) foods opened or prepared in the establishment must be sold or discarded within 7 days, including the date of opening or preparing. White and yellow American cheeses in the prep cooler top were dated 10/27/2020. Cheeses were discarded during inspection., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - There shall be a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) available at all hours of operation. No CFPM available today."
FJ TOKYO	82.5	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Repair the loose baseboard under the dish machine, and by the True 2-door cooler. Floor tile is loose under the True 2-door cooler, and under the dish machine. Repair broken tiles at the back door that are broken and loose. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean the floor under the ice machine, and around the freezer for ice cream. Clean floor under True 2-door cooler., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Racks in the walk-in cooler are rusty, and the floor plates are peeling up and rusting. The microwave above the cold prep units is chipping the interior coating. The rice warmer has a broken handle. Keep equipment in good repair., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the sushi display coolers, especially along the tracks. Clean the roll cart of food debris by the cook line. Clean the doors and seals on the Hoshizaki undercounter cooler. Clean the Beverage Air cooler interior. Clean shelves at the cook line, especially on top, of general dust, grime, and buildup., 3-501.13 Thawing - (E) Escolar and tuna portions for sushi use were thawing in the walk-in cooler while still contained in reduced oxygen packages. Owner removed fish portions from packages. Ensure these vacuum-sealed packages are removed from fish when thawing them., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - The owner/Person-In-Charge does not have a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) certification. PIC shall have a CFPM certification while establishment is open and preparing and serving food., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - The PIC did not have several aspects of food safety, such as reheat temperatures, cold holding and hot holding. Sanitizer in the dish machine was not functioning. Ensure that PIC has food safety knowledge, and can impart it to employees while handling and serving food., 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - In the walk-in freezer, three boxes of raw beef were on the floor under storage racks. Discussed keeping these boxes off the floor at least six inches to prevent contamination from floor cleaning., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - The dish machine sanitizer was reading 0 ppm chlorine, and dish machine was in use during inspection. Discussed priming the sanitizer, and this resulted in 200 ppm chlorine. Ensure test strips are used to ensure sanitizer is adequate concentration per manufacturer&#39;s label., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee grabbed several raw shrimp with bare hands to cook them, but not wash hands after handling them. Employee then began cooking raw vegetables for an order. Worked with owner to instruct this employee to wash hands. Ensure employees understand the need to wash hands after handling raw animal foods, and before changing tasks, such as cooking orders., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the ServWare cold prep unit, a package with dumplings was stored on top of the pans on the rail, and were 46-47 F. In the Delfield cold prep unit beside it, a lettuce head that had been cut was 51 F. Lettuce head was discarded, and dumplings were moved to the bottom of the cooler. Ensure that TCS foods remain at 41 F or less at all times. All other foods in the Delfield CP were non-TCS, and all other f, 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - In the walk-in freezer, several cut fish portions (octopus, salmon, tuna) intended for ready-to-eat service were not date &amp;#x0D;marked with the date of preparation, which was one week ago per owner. Products were frozen on same day per owner. All TCS foods not used within 24 hours shall be date marked to indicate the date of preparation. Owner provided labels for these foods., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - An employee was filling soy cups at table next to table with raw beef slaw processing. Discussed keeping these processes separate to prevent contamination. In the M3 1-door cooler, raw salmon for cooking was stored with ready-to-eat (RTE) crab sticks and fish cakes, and raw scallops were on same shelf with these RTE foods. Discussed separation. In the walk-in freezer, raw squid septums that were cut were stored with"
FLIGHT CAFE	94.0	"4-202.11 Food-Contact Surfaces - Cleanability - Observed plastic food container that was cracked and damaged. Ensure food contact surfaces are being maintained in good repair and easily cleanable. Once containers are cracked or damaged they shall be discarded. CDI, 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed containers used to store utensils that had build-up inside them. Ensure containers used to store utensils are being maintained clean., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed spray bottle with solution inside that was not labeled and bleach inside of container previously used for quaternary ammonia sanitizer. Ensure chemical bottles are being properly labeled with chemical or chemical solution inside. Both were labeled during inspection. CDI., 3-201.11 Compliance with Food Law - Observed cakes being served that were being baked at someone&#39;s private household and no proof of department of agriculture permitting. The containers of cakes also did not have proper labeling. Cakes were discarded during inspection. If cakes are being baked in a permitted facility they can be sold through the grab n go case if they&#39;re properly labeled. CDI, 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed coleslaw, dried coleslaw in bag, roasted red peppers, and shredded cheese that were opened/made over 24 hours ago and had no date mark on them. All were dated during inspection. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are dated if not used within 24 hours and discarded in 7 days (date opened/made + 6 days). CDI.  3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed grits, turkey le"
FOOD LION # 2635	99.0	"7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals -  Quaternary ammonia sanitizer concentration was 400ppm+ when testing. Ensure sanitizer is being maintained at 200-400ppm quaternary ammonia while sanitizing dishes. Water will be added to sanitizing solution unt"
FOOD LION #1291 PRODUCE	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed on fans in walk in and air unit in main prep area to remove excessive buildup.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.
FOOD LION #2511 PRODUCE	99.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cut cantaloupe cooling at insufficient rate. Cantaloupe cooling in tightly sealed plastic containers in walk in unit. Effective cooling methods must be used. Corrected during inspection (CDI): discussed cooling methods with PIC, Recommend leaving containers partially open during cooling. Containers vented form more rapid cooling., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving in melon/berries portion of customer self service area in need of cleaning to remove food residue. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean."
FOOD LION DELI  1373	95.5	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Repair the large gaps between the bullnose tiles and wall in the walk-in cooler, and repair the broken bullnose tile on wall by the walk-in freezer.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean the dust from the walls and ceiling around the rotisserie oven. Clean the dust from ceiling above production areas., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean grime from the storage racks for clean utensils. Clean the dust and debris from atop the oven under the hood. Clean the wrap machine of food debris, and clean out debris and food spills in the table drawers. Clean food debris from the Kysor/Warren display case at the fried chicken section. Clean general dust collecting around kitchen on equipment., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Barker display cooler, on the left side, two packs of Swiss cheese were 44.6 F - 44.8 F, and a ham package was 42.8 F. Air temperature read 36 F, and products in middle were 41 F. Packages on ends were removed. Keep TCS foods stored at 41 F or less at all times."
FOOD LION DELI  1568	97.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Water is pooling in the service sink around the drain where tile is missing. A wall tile by the partial wall at entrance is broken. The wooden shelf at the Bakery area has peeling from edge, exposing wood. The ceiling in the women&#39;s restroom is peeling on the patched area. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean the shelves around the Bakery and Deli sections, of debris and general dust. Clean dry stor, 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Clean spilled grease from around the grease receptacle. A large quantity of grease with absorbent material was present., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean Bakery area tables of food debris. Clean rolling carts and storage racks in Deli and walk-in cooler. Clean Deli case tracks of food debris., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - In the Barker deli case, a honey ham that was opened on 1/17/2022 was not labeled. Employees stated it was opened yesterday. Product was labeled. Ensure that TCS foods opened from commercial package are labeled and dated with date of opening or discard date."
FOOD LION DELI  1674	97.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Standing water from an unknown leak behind and underneath bread machine table that is starting to grow mold. Investigate leak and clean up standing water. White/grey substance floating on top of water during inspection., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on door seals of glass door reach-in and inside near fans and where unit is leaking at the bottom. Shelving at the hot and cold grab n go also need cleaning where spills and old labels were observed., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Glass door reach-in has torn door seals and leaks inside unit. PIC stated a work order has been submitted for this unit to be replaced."
FOOD LION DELI 1291	95.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed to remove food debris from tracks of deli display case.  Cleaning of previous noted areas have greatly improved.  Keep working to keep all non food contact surfaces clean., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Opened packages of uncooked chicken were stored above open packages of ready to eat food in the walk in freezer.  Prevent cross contamination of foods by arranging storage order of opened packages uncooked animal meat under ready to eat food.  Storage order corrected., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - A pan of reheated boneless wings (113-130 F) were being kept on top of food cart instead of being put under temperature control at the wing bar.  TCS food that have been heat treated in order to be hot held need to be kept at or above 135 F.  Wings were voluntarily discarded.  Pan of bone in wings at the wing bar (100-120 F) were not being held at 135 F.  Pan of wings were reheated and placed back under time cont"
FOOD LION DELI 1492	97.5	"2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - One employee observed handling food wearing watch. No hand or arm jewelry may be worn when handling food, other than a smooth plain band on the finger., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Tiles at base of wall near walk in unit cracked and damaged. Some tiles in this area pulling from wall or missing. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.   6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Light fixture and walls in walk in unit in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sinks in deli area not provided hot water at minimum 100F. Hand sinks in this area reached a maximum temperature of 95F. Hand sinks must be provided hot water at minimum 100F."
FOOD LION DELI 1657	99.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on back shelf in reach-in cooler where fan blows, in the walk-in freezer where packaging tape and pieces of cardboard are stuck to the walls, and in the walk-in cooler where icing is smeared on the walls in some areas."
FOOD LION DELI 2511	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Bottom of deli display unit and tracks of deli display unit doors in need of cleaning to remove food debris. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Waste and other debris present along ground surrounding outdoor waste receptacles. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean and free of debris.  5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Some small outdoor waste receptacles open due to excess of waste. Keep all outdoor waste receptacles closed or covered with tight fitting lid when not in immediate use., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at prep table near fryer at 73-46 foot candles (ft-cd). Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents in kitchen and mop pit area in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean."
FOOD LION DELI 2635	98.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring inside walk-in cooler. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be free from build-up. Ensure racks are being cleaned under., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Observed open box of single-use trays on flooring in walk-in cooler and observed stacks of cake single-use trays stored right-side up. Ensure single-use containers are being stored up off the ground and single-use articles are inverted when outside the container. CDI., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to racks in walk-in cooler next to chicken boxes and on lower shelves of counters throughout deli, and inside the deli display case to remove juice. Ensure roast beef is being kept in a separate container to prevent juice from getting onto other chubs of meat. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be free from build-up."
FOOD LION DELI 486	98.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Wrap station cover torn. Walk-in cooler door seal torn towards bottom of door., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on shelving, speed racks, and the condenser fan in the walk-in cooler."
FOOD LION DELI 779	98.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Light cleaning needed on door tracks of deli case and some prep table shelving where crumbs have accumulated. Improvement from last inspection., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Quat sanitizer shall be between 200-400ppm or as specified on manufacturer&#39;s label. Employee using quat disinfectant on prep sink, solution tested well above 400ppm on test strips. CDI - discussed with employee and PIC about using sanitizers on food contact surfaces to prevent strong residue from disinfectant. May rinse disinfectant and sanitize afterwards. 7-202-12 Conditions of Use - Toxic chemicals shall be used according to manufacturer&#39;s label. Di"
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 1291	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the storage racks in trays on the rolling carts in the walk-in cooler to remove cardboard debris and raw animal debris. Clean debris from wrap machine., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - On a rolling cart in the walk-in cooler, a package of chicken was stored on tray beside a beef package. Chicken was removed. Keep raw animal species stored separate from each other."
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 1373	97.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean cardboard debris from walk-in cooler racks. Clean the hand sink of mildew inside of it. Clean plastic trays of debris., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean the walk-in cooler floor of debris., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the 3-compartment sink drainboards to remove debris from both drainboards, including the clean side., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Clean the prep sink of various debris. Sink has become a repository for various items, such as sharpeners, bottles, and other items. Keep this sink clean and sanitized to ensure it is available for use with food when needed."
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 1492	97.0	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Tiles surrounding drain in front of 3 comp sink need to be repaired.  Base tiles near walk in freezer observed cracked and damaged. Corner covering and FRP of wall near entrance damaged. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand sink near entrance door was out of paper towels.  Provide employees paper towels to dry hands.  Paper towels added. 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Boxes were being stored on top of entrance hand sink.  Hand sink may only be used for hand washing.  Boxes removed., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Containers of sanitizer wipes used for employee hands were stored above prep table.  Store chemicals away from clean equipment and food prep areas.  Containers were removed."
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 1568	98.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Repair the broken and chipped tiles on the floor around the floor drains in the meat processing area. Service sink has non-smooth areas where water can pool., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the rust from the clean side drainboards of the 3-compartment sink. Utensils were present here., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying towels were available at the hand sink by the prep sink. Employee replaced the towels. Ensure hand drying towels are maintained at hand sinks at all times to allow employees to dry hands after handwashing."
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 1657	99.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on floors underneath shelving in walk-in freezer."
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 1674	96.0	"3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - All food offered for sale must be safe and in good condition. Observed filets in grab n go with significant visible signs of spoilage. Sell by date is 7/10/21. CDI - food discarded., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw foods shall be separated by final cook temperature and ready-to-eat status. Several items in the walk-in stored improperly. Ground meats over whole cut meats, ground chicken over whole cut meats, raw meats over ready-to-eat foods. CDI - items rearranged. Storage chart provided., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Potentially hazardous foods shall be held cold at 41F or below. Ground beef in grab n go shelving above 41F. Ensure these items are cooled completely in the walk-in before placing on display. All other items 41F or below. CDI - discussed with employees."
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 2511	97.0	"3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - One box of whole muscle beef products stored below ground beef tubes. Raw animal products must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature to prevent cross contamination. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Items moved to correct storage orders., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Some packaged raw steaks held above 41F. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41f or below. CDI: customer self service units holding at 41F and below. Out of temperature steaks discarded."
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 2635	98.5	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Observed grease build-up inside the sanitizing basin of the 3 compartment sink. Ensure basins of 3 compartment sink are being cleaned at least every 24 hours or as often as needed to be kept clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to bottom of meat display cases to remove debris and meat juice. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean and free from build-up."
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 486	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on wrap station where dust and meat debris have accumulated. Cleaning needed on freezer shelving where cardboard and tape have stuck to the shelving.
FOOD LION MEAT MARKET 779	99.5	4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Wrap station cover torn. Repair or replace.
FOOD LION PRODUCE # 1674	97.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on shelving in the walk-in., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Food employees shall wash their hands immediately before food handling. Observed employee return to produce department and begin washing produce without handwashing occurring. CDI - discussed with employee and PIC about when to wash hands."
FOOD LION PRODUCE #1373	98.5	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the 3-compartment sink drainboards to remove debris from both drainboards, including the clean side., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - A spray bottle of sanitizer and general cleaner were sitting on the prep table while cantaloupe were being cut. Both bottles were removed. Keep these spray bottles off the prep table while actively cutting fruit to prevent contamination of food, utensils, and equipment."
FOOD LION PRODUCE #1492	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving where cut melons are stored in customer self service area observed with food debris and fruit residue. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Some areas of shelving in this area cleaner than previous inspection.
FOOD LION PRODUCE #1568	98.0	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the 3-compartment sink, including drainboards, of general dirt and debris, including the box with a moldy towel in it, and the poster left on the drainboard with cutting boards. Keep this sink clean, and clean at least daily., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (C) The produce washing sink had lots of debris and various produce items left in it. Drainboard was dirty as well. A blade and spatula were left here with food debris on them. Wash and sanitize these utensils and the prep sink at least every four hours. Employee began cleaning up the sink and utensils."
FOOD LION PRODUCE #1657	99.0	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed along some shelving in the walk-in cooler and shelving along walls holding produce in main prep area.
FOOD LION PRODUCE #486	97.0	"3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Guacamole, salsa and other items in unit not holding at 41 degrees F or below. Keep items below 41 degrees F or below. Will return for verification within 10 days."
FOOD LION PRODUCE #779	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on shelving in the walk-in.
FORD &amp; SHEP	96.0	"7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name of chemical inside. Observed chemical bottle on cook line and bottle in bar area with no labeling. CDI - bottles labeled., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - Quat sanitizer shall be between 200-400ppm for sanitizing utensils and equipment. Quat sanitizer at 3-comp sink not registering on test strips at beginning while colander was actively being sanitized. Sanitizer in container was discolored. CDI - sanitizer switched out and tested properly. Ensure sanitizer goes all the way through tubing to dispenser before sanitizing dis"
FRESH VIBES	97.5	"4-203.11 Temperature Measuring Devices, Food - Accuracy - Observed dial top thermometer that was reading ~28F in ice water and digital thermometer was not working. Food thermometers shall be +/- 2F accuracy. I will verify new food thermometer is available on 1/14/22. VR, 4-203.11 Temperature Measuring Devices, Food - Accuracy - Observed dial top thermometer that was reading ~28F in ice water and digital thermometer was not working. Food thermometers shall be +/- 2F accuracy. I will verify new food thermometer is available on 1/14/22. VR, 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Flooring in various areas is chipped and concrete is exposed. Flooring shall be in good repair, smooth. and easily cleanable. Observed surface under counter at right side of prep cooler damaged which is exposing raw wood. Have surface repaired so that exposed wood is covered and surface is smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to handles of refrigeration to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned at a frequency to prevent build-up., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Flooring in various areas is chipped and concrete is exposed. Flooring shall be in good repair, smooth. and easily cleanable. Observed surface under counter at right side of prep cooler damaged which is exposing raw wood. Have surface repaired so that exposed wood is covered and surface is smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to handles of refrigeration to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned at a frequency to prevent build-up."
FRESH VIBES 2	90.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on floors underneath prep units, shelving, and in back dry storage area where there is water., 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - All food employees shall have hair restraints while handling food. Observed a few employees preparing food with no hair restraints., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on door seals of front and back prep units and inside prep units and reach-in units, including shelving., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - A certified food protection manager shall be onsite during all food prep and service. No employees had CFPM during inspection., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Foods shall be protected from cross-contamination by storing food in packages, covered containers, or wrappings. Several containers of food without lids in front reach-in freezer. CDI - lids provided., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Some utensils observed with food debris on food contact surfaces. Metal pan in a stack had old &quot;mango&quot; sticker still attached. Several buckets for holding food were stacked with debris on them. CDI - dishes moved to 3-comp sink area. 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - In-use food contact surfaces shall be cleaned and saniti"
FRYDAY NITE FISH	98.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Slaw cooling in tightly sealed styrofoam containers in front holding reach in. Product not cooling at required rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: Cups moved to rear reach in unit. Recommend cooling in rear reach in unit and holding at temperature in front unit once cooled. Recommend cooling product using effective method prior to portioning in styrofoam containers., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Grease accumulation observed in outdoor waste storage area. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean. Significant cleaning observed since previous inspection., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Some shelving, fryers, and baffles of hood in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean."
FUJI JAPAN	97.5	"5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Hand washing sinks may not be use for any other purpose than hand washing.  Observed degreaser bottle and rubber cleaning glove store on top of hand sinks.  Items were removed., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous foods shall be kept safe by maintaining temperature at or above 135F.  Observed two stock pots of cooked carrots with temperature range 110-115F.  Talked with PIC about previous conversations about TPHC.  Carrots were just recently cooked and were added to TPHC procedure."
FUJISAN	99.0	"6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - Provide employee hand soap at hand washing sinks to effectively wash hands. Soap dispenser was out of soap at arrival of inspection.  Soap added."
G R WHITFIELD SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.5	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Clean utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry place. Cleaning needed inside containers holding clean utensils at table next to 3-comp sink., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored separately from foods to prevent contamination. Observed two bottles of hand sanitizer stored directly above bananas at the service line. CDI - hand sanitizer relocated."
GAA CAFE	92.0	"6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lights must be 50ftc at all food prep areas. Lights still low at the hood cooking area. Can use items that plug in such as spot lights to shine at the grill, correction does not have to necessarily be a installed fixture. The light bulb just needs to be shielded in some way., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Cold held foods must be held at 41F or below. Cooler items 43-45F.  Door had been opened to stock more food.  No food was left out sitting today as in the past.  Keep up the good work with this.  Very nicely organized for air flow.  Keep improving here to reach 41F.  Cooler turned down to lower setting and discussed door opening frequency. CDI, 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Must label all chemicals.  Chlorine sanitizer clear bucket not labeled. Can also label the shelf bucket sits on if it wipes off easily., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Must use TPHC correctly/have procedures.  Each day/time that eggs and a cheese block are taken out of the cooler and placed on the grill line must be marked.  Time not marked today.  CDI. Marked with time taken out., 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Frigidaire cooler and freezer not ANSI/NSF approved. Must be ANSI/NSF approved"
GCA CONCESSION STAND	99.0	2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Employees working with exposed food must wear effective hair restraints. Both employees not wearing hair restraints today. Hair nets were available. Employees can also wear ball caps.
GCA CONCESSION STAND	99.0	"4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Single-service articles shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination. Single-service nacho trays were stored open to contamination today. Trays were inverted so that nothing could fall inside. Paper plates for pizza also stored open to contamination. Plates were inverted., 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Food employees handling exposed food must wear hair restraints. Employee not wearing a hat today. Hats are available for employees to wear."
GK CAFE &amp; CATERING @ GREENVILLE COUNTRY CLUB	97.5	"7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Quaternary ammonia sanitizer at 3 compartment sink is 400ppm+. Per manufacture container, sanitizer shall be 200-400ppm quaternary ammonia. Dilute solution down to 200-400ppm until dispensing system can be adjusted. CDI., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed milk past it&#39;s 7 day date mark. Ensure once ready to eat TCS foods are made/opened they shall be discarded within 7 days. Milk discarded during inspection. CDI."
GK CAFE AND CATERING	96.0	"6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Fans and vent covers in kitchen and prep areas in need of cleaning. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving in storage area, shelving in main prep area, inside of ovens, cold prep units, hot box, and cooking equipment in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand sinks in front service area and front restroom not provided hand drying provisions. Han d drying provisions must be provided at all hand sinks. Corrected during inspection (CDI): paper towels provided fro hand sinks., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Raw shell eggs stored in on flat top in main prep area. Per discussion with employee, eggs stored in this area for about 30 minutes. Eggs stored in ambient air temperature of 68F with an internal temperature of 63F. Raw shell eggs that have not been treated to destroy all viable Salmonellae shall be stored in refrigerated equipment that maintains an ambient air temperature of 45?F or less. CDI: raw shell"
GODFATHER&#39;S / CHARLIE LAMANTIA	93.0	"5-502.11 Frequency - Lots of trash was on the ground at the dumpster area. Work with other businesses to keep trash in this area in dumpsters, and to keep the dumpster area clean, to minimize insect and rodent attractants and harborage., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Two employee drinks were sitting on the table next to the ice machine with a bag of onions and a roll of plastic film. Also, on the table next to the warmers, an employee&#39;s food container was sitting here. Keep employees&#39; food stored away from food, single-use articles, and areas where food is handled. All items were discarded., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) was available during the first sixteen minutes of the inspection, until owner with a CFPM certification arrived. The Person-In-Charge (PIC) shall have a CFPM certification at all times when the establishment is operating and serving food., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Two stacks of stainless steel pans were stored on the clean storage rack by the warewashing machine with grease around the pans, and some with white residue inside. All were removed to wash them again. Ensure that food debris is from utensils to ensure sanitizer can effectively sanitizer all surfaces of the utensils., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the walk-in cooler, a container with raw hamburger patties, and a box of raw chicken, were placed on the storage rack above containers of hot dogs. Discussed with employee, who moved these raw animal foods to lower shelving. Keep raw animal foods stored below ready-to-eat foods to prevent contamination., 2-301.15 Where to Wash - An employee rinsed hands in the 3-compartment sink. Instructed the employee to use only the hand sink, and employee washed hands in the hand sink. Employees shall only use the hand sink for handwashing, and shall not use any other sink for this purpose."
GOLDEN CORRAL	91.5	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Repair the ceiling torn by the steam hood. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean the cabinets in the beverage station. Clean throughout the floors, and walls to remove debris and splash at dish machine area, back storage areas, around the walk-in cooler areas. Clean the service sink area walls and floors., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - In the Hacienda Delfield 1-door cooler, the cooler had lots of water pooling inside, and the cooler was not blowing cool air. Air temperature read 50 F. Raw pork and tomatoes inside were 41 F or less, and two green bean containers were cooling. All TCS foods were removed. Do not use these this unit if it cannot maintain 41 F or less. Ensure the door can maintain closed, as the door stays open easily., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Two sanitizer buckets with DDBSA had concentrations below the minimum requirement. Several towels were lying outside of buckets. Several buckets had dirty/cloudy solution. Keep wet or in-use towels in sanitizer buckets with appropriate concentrations, and ensure solutions are maintained clean. The sanitizer bucket in the meat preparation room shall be stored off the floor to prevent contamination., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - A pan of hamburger slides were removed from the Carving Block station and placed back into a Vulcan hot box. Product was removed due to TPHC expiration. Discussed procedure, and manager ordered product discarded. Ensure employees understand that TCS food items under TPHC shall not be saved, and shall be discarded after the expiration time., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the chicken walk-in cooler, a box of raw bacon was stored below a box of raw chicken. Ensure that raw chicken is stored below other raw animal foods. Box of raw bacon was moved., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Carving Station steam table was a pan of fried chicken, and portions of the pan were as low as 128 F. Pan was discarded. At the Hacienda, several TCS foods items were 96-100 F, and pizza was 129-130 F. All pans were discarded. Keep warmers set to maintain these TCS foods at 135 F or higher., 3-602.11 Food Labels - Packaged food items at the On The Go Cooler Depot display cooler are packaged, and are intended for customers to remove from cooler and pay. Some products have a label with name, or a standard print label. However, none of the products have a label that indicates requirements of this section. Generate labels for these products that meet requirements of sections (B)(1),(2),(3),(4),(5). Allergen information was presented in a nutrition manual for each item."
GORHAM&#39;S CAFE	93.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed gaskets on 2 door true cooler ripped at the bottom,1 door fryer cooler not holding food at 41F and below, and 2 door freezer has excessive ice build-up on coils. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair.  4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Small red crockpot is intended for household use only per manufacture tag. Ensure equipment is being used per manufacture&#39;s intended use and certified or classified, 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed BBQ cooling in large zip lock bags in freezer at 60F, BBQ was transferred to thin metal containers and put into reach-in freezer to cool. BBQ cooled from 60F to 41F within the next hour. Ensure rapid cooling methods are being used: shallow containers, vented, and rapid cooling equipment. CDI.  3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed marinated chicken at 45-55F in 1 door cooler near that had been thawed and marinated during inspection. Ensure foods are being cooled, 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand towels not available at hand sink in cooking room, across from cashier, and men&#39;s restrooms. Ensure all hand sinks have hand towels available for hand washing. All dispensers refilled or towels put onto top of dispenser during inspection. CDI., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to handles of refrigeration, framing, and doors of units to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Coleslaw being held on time as a public health control in prep cooler were not discarded after 4 hours. The date on the TPHC white board was also 3/11/22. Foods held in prep cooler on TPHC shall be discarded after 4 hours and dated/timed on white board. Coleslaw was discarded during inspection. CDI.  3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Time as a Public Health Control TPHC procedures were not available during inspection, TPHC procedures shall be p, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed hot dogs, marinated pork chops, and marinate wings in 1 door cooler beside fryers at 43-47F. Outside of unit is reading 34F but inside read 43F when leaving my thermometer inside. All were moved to 2 door tru cooler in back room CDI. Have unit serviced/repaired so that it holds food at 41F and below. Do not use unit for cold holding TCS foods unit repaired and holding 41F and below. I will return"
GORHAM&#39;S CAFE MFU	95.5	"3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Slaw, turkey bbq, and pork bbq were not holding proper temperature. Temperature control safety foods that are to be held cold shall be at least 41 degrees F or below. Ambient air temperature of the unit was at 50 degrees F and food items were put under Time As A Public Health Control for the event and a form was filled out and time stamped as a temporary solution to the one night event., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Fried chicken under the heat lamp was not holding proper temperature. Temperature control safety foods that are to be held hold shall be at least 135 degrees F or more. Chicken was placed back in the fryer for a quick reheat for the pieces that were out of temperature."
GORHAM&#39;S CAFE MFU	93.5	"4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Provide single-use articles shall remain packaged and/or protected. Several utensils such as clamshells were not inverted or stored to protect from contamination. Keep protected by keeping in a protective sleeve., 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - A sanitizer spray bottle was sitting on top of a shelf with unpackaged single-use clamshells. Bottle was removed and placed into the storage cabinet. Keep chemicals stored in locations that prevent contamination. 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - A bottle was in the storage cabinet that had a glass cleaner label, but did not contain the chemical. Bottle was discarded. Ensure spray bottles have a label that identifies the chemical inside it., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - A slaw cup that was stored in the cooler was 56 F. Owner stated that it was probably sitting out while in service. Discussed TPHC for this product. Ensure product maintains 41 F or less, or use TPHC. Product was placed back into the cooler., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - A pork chop sitting under the the heat lamps at 120 F. Keep TCS foods at 135 F or higher at all times. Product was discarded., 2-301.15 Where to Wash - An employee washed hands in the 3-compartment sink. Discussed with employee and owner about not washing hands in the 3-compartment sink. Ensure employees use the hand sink to wash hands."
GREAT HARVEST BREAD COMPANY	97.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Scoop handles had fallen into food in the brown sugar, dry onions, and chocolate chips containers. Keep scoop handles out of food to prevent contamination., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Two employees handling exposed food did not have hair restraints, and a third did not a beard restraint. Employee who handle exposed food shall wear hair restraints. In addition, an employee with long hair had ponytail that was hanging loose. Keep hair pulled up to prevent dangling., 4-501.18 Warewashing Equipment, Clean Solutions - The sanitizer solution in the 3-compartment sink was greasy. Water was emptied. Keep sanitizer solutions clean to ensure sanitizer maintains efficacy., 4-703.11 Hot Water and Chemical - Methods - The quaternary ammonia sanitizer in the 3-compartment sink was 0 ppm, and utensils were in the sink. The bulk bottle had emptied. Water was emptied, and replaced with 50 ppm chlorine. Ensure sanitizer is maintained of adequate concentration as required for sanitizing."
GREAT WALL  2	97.0	"3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous food shall be kept safe by maintaining cold holding temperatures at or below 41F.  Observed garlic in oil stored in a container above fill line in cold prep unit.  Breaded chicken held in cold prep unit temperature ranged from 44-47F.  Discussed with PIC in providing slot in cold unit for garlic oil, and keeping chicken stored at bottom of unit.  All other TCS food were at or below 4"
GREENVILLE CONVENTION CENTER	95.5	"6-303.11(B) Intensity-Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 20 foot candles (fc) at all hand sinks and ware washing areas. Lighting is low at the 3-compartment sink (5-6 fc) and at the hand sink to the right of the 3-compartment sink (1 fc).  6-303.11(C) Intensity-Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 50 foot candles at all areas where employees handle food. Lighting is low at both ice bins in the left and right concession booths (26-46 fc), at the rear ice machine (1-3 fc), and at the rear drin, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed today on fan guards in the right walk-in cooler to remove microbial growth. Keep the fan guards clean., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Cabinets in the concession booths have warped doors and shelves due to water damage and some with handles in poor repair. Keep the facility in good repair. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Clean the wall behind the left side of the dish machine to remove mildew. May need to repaint the area., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Ice machine shield is broken inside of the ice machine today. Screw to hold up the left side of the shield is missing and shield is leaning on the ice pile. Repair the ice machine shield. Rinse aid dispenser for the dish machine is leaking. Hobart and/or Ecolab have been called to come out and check on the device."
GREENVILLE GRANDE	98.5	"4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - Employee was washing equipment plate in the 3-compartment sink, and water temperature was 104-105 F. Discussed increasing water to 110 F, and employee began adding additional water. Ensure 110 F warm water is used for washing., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - A sanitizer spray bottle was stored on table with box of packaged chips. Bottle was removed. Keep spray bottles with chemical products stored away from food items to prevent and minimize contamination."
GREENVILLE MOTEL	92.5	".1825(a)/5-501.113: Dumpster doors shall be kept closed when not in use. One dumpster door open today. Keep the doors closed.  .1825(a)/5-501.114: Dumpsters shall be equipped with drain plugs. Dumpster missing drain plug today. Recommend calling the waste management company for a replacement plug., .1824(k): A sanitizer test kit must be provided by the lodging establishment. Facility does not have bleach or quaternary ammonium test strips today. Recommend checking restaurant equipment stores for test strips., .1827(d): Sanitizer bottles cannot be reused to hold other chemicals. On housekeeping cart, no chemical bottles labeled. Another housekeeping cart had quat disinfectant in a bottle with hydrogen peroxide label. Chemicals need to be kept and dispensed into the original bottles. Keep chemicals labeled so that there is no confusion. Owner stated she would fix this., .1826(f): Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Carpets in rooms 242, 249, and 250 have cigarette burns in them. Owner stated they will be replacing the carpets next year. Recommend vinyl or tile flooring so that cigarette ashes cannot damage the flooring."
GREG&#39;S PIZZA	96.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking area and dough prep station in need of cleaning to remove food debris. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Si9ngle service containers throughout kitchen area and single service knives in vertical storage container for customer use stored uncovered with food contact portions facing upwards. Single service articles must be stored covered or inverted to prevent contamination., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls in cooking and rear prep area in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Some areas of walls in kitchen and prep areas observed with damage. Base strip in dry storage area behind drink station pulling form wall. Keep all physical facilities in good repair. Some areas listed on previous inspection have bene repaired. Continue repairs to f, 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cheese and pizza sauce cooling in pizza prep unit cooling at insufficient rates. Products cooling in pizza prep unit left open fro prolonged period. Effective cooling methods must be sued to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: discussed cooling methods with PIC. Recommend cooling in large reach in unit in shallow containers and holding in pizza prep unit after cooling., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting under hood at 32-42 ft-cd (foot candles) and 18-30 ft-cd at prep sink. Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas. Lighting at 1-3 ft-cd in men&#39;s restroom and 1-5 ft-cd in women&#39;s restroom. Provide at least 20 ft-cd in all toilet rooms and at all hand sinks. Lighting at 1-5 ft-cd in rear storage area. Provide at least 10 ft-cd of light in all storage areas. 6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smok, 7-202-12 Conditions of Use, 7-206.11 Restricted Use Pesticides, Criteria - Aerosol and powder based home use pesticides present in rear storage area. Pesticides must be used in accordance with manufacturer&#39;s intended use. Pesticides are indicated for home use and are not intended for use in food service facility. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Pesticides discarded."
GRID GRUB MFU	97.0	"3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - A container of Hawaiian relish was stored in the hot box at 120-133 F. Container was reheated on stove to 181 F. Keep TCS foods at 135 F or higher., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1) In the True 1-door cooler, an opened bag of veggie burgers was stored on the bottom shelf with raw animal foods. Bag was moved to the top shelf. Store vegetable burgers and other ready-to-eat foods above raw animal foods. (A)(2) In the True 1-door cooler, a container with raw chicken philly was stored on top of a container with raw beef philly. Products were switched. Store raw beef products above raw chicken p"
GRIFTON SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.5	"3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Extra unheated grilled cheese sandwiches stored on storage rack in main prep area. Cheese of sandwiches at 56F during observation. Per discussion with PIC, sandwiches were not in current prep and are held out until needed and products are heated once needed. Product held outside of refrigeration or heating units. Per discussion with PIC, uncooked cheese sandwiches are to be held on TPHC, but time is not documented for TPHC until product is heated for se"
H.I. RESTAURANT	94.5	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Containers of utensils at the expo station had lint in them, as well as the utensils themselves. Ensure utensils are stored in clean environments., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Both employees were not wearing hair and beard restraints while preparing food for later today. Employees that handle exposed food shall wear hair and beard restraints., 3-501.13 Thawing - (E) Thawing salmon fillets were not removed from the packaging before thawing in the True 3-door cooler. All were discarded. Ensure that thawing fish are removed from the reduced-oxygen package when thawing., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - On the customer buffet line, a container of shredded cheese had at least three spots of mold in it. Product was discarded. Ensure that food that is set for service is free of contamination., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the bowl of boiled eggs at the Buffet, the the eggs were 48-50 F. Products were discarded. Ensure TCS foods are stored at 41 F or less at all times. Discussed also using TPHC."
HABIBI MEDITERRANEAN GRILL	92.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be cooled rapidly using approved methods. Raw chicken and falafel mix cooling in walk-in tightly wrapped and not cooling efficiently. CDI - items vented for proper heat escape and cold air flow., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Quat sanitizer shall be between 200-400 ppm or according to manufacturer&#39;s specifications. Quat sanitizer in spray bottle at chemical station was reading above 400ppm on test strips. CDI - water added to solution to obtain correct concentration., 2-201.11 (A), B), (C), and (E) Responsibility of Permit Holder, Person in Charge and Conditional Employees - Facility shall have employee health policy including reportable foodborne illnesses and symptoms. Facility did not have written employee health policy and could not name any of reportable diseases. CDI - employee health policy given., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Food employees shall wash hands when changing tasks and gloves or whenever hands may have been contaminated. Observed employee make food order, remove gloves to handle money at the register, and put on new gloves to continue working with food. Observed employee shake hands with inspector and then put on new gloves to work with food. CDI - discussed with owner and employees about when to wash hands., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored in a manner that prevents cross-contamination. Observed raw shell eggs above sour cream, raw chicken above raw ground lamb, raw ground lamb above raw whole muscle beef in walk-in, and unpackaged raw lamb above RTE foods in the one door reach-in freezer. CDI - items rearranged properly. Follow storage chart posted at walk-in door."
HADDOCK&#39;S STORE OF CLAYROOT	95.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Walls and flooring in supplemental cooking room in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Raw shell eggs held on counter top in main cooking area in ambient air of 68F. Per discussion with employee, eggs stored in this location for about 30 minutes. Eggs that have not been treated to destroy all viable Salmonellae shall be stored in refrigerated equipment that maintains an ambient air temperature of 45?F or less. CDI: eggs returned to refrigeration., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee break raw shell egg with gloved hands and transition to ready to eat foods prior to changing gloves and washing hands. When switching tasks, hands must be washed to prevent cross contamination. CDI: employee educated and washed hands."
HAN KOREAN CUISINE	90.5	"2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager available during inspection. CFPM shall be present during all hours of operation., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed several spray bottles that were not labeled with solution inside them. All spray bottles shall be labeled with common name of solution inside. All labeled during inspection. CDI.  7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Observed chlorine sanitizer in 3 compartment sink at 500PPM+, sanitizer for food contact surfaces shall be 50-200ppm chlorine. Basin emptied and remade to 100ppm chlorine. CDI., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - Person in charge during inspection shall be able to demonstrate knowledge of the food code and foodborne illness prevention. Violations cited shows that PIC is not knowledgeable of these or not demonstrating managerial control over employees., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed raw pork stored above cooked cucumbers in 3 door reach-in cooler. Foods inside refrigeration shall be stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperatures. Pork was moved during inspection. CDI., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Sanitizer inside dish machine tested at 0ppm chlorine. Sanitizer shall be at 50-200ppm chlorine. Dishes will be washed, rinsed, and sanitized at 3 compartment sink until dish machine is fixed. CDI., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed kim-chee, opened bag of coleslaw mix, and cooked cucumbers inside 3 door reach-in cooler without date marks. They had been opened/prepped over 24 hours ago. Ready to eat TCS foods shall be date marked if not used within 24 hours and discarded within 7 days. All were properly dated during inspection. CDI.  3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - There was a container o, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee come into kitchen and take their gloves off and change them with new gloves before working with food. Ensure when employees change tasks they wash their hands before putting on new gloves. Employee was informed on proper hand washing procedures during inspection. CDI.  2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee rinse hands off inside of 3 compartment sink before putting on gloves. Employees shall wash their hands properly at the hand sink before putting o"
HANDY MART/SUBWAY #4713	99.0	"6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Designated areas shall be provided for employee eating or drinking. Observed closed employee drink on shelving near dry goods. CDI - drink removed., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination. Observed sandwich knife stored next to the line handsink. CDI - knife moved to 3-comp sink for washing."
HARDEE&#39;S #1501069	93.0	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at fryers is 10-15 foot candles, chicken batter station 25 foot candles, and sandwich prep line 25-30 foot candles. Increase lighting in there areas to 50 foot candles., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Metal container full of sausage patties were cooling inside walk-in had lid tightly sealing container. Use rapid cooling methods while cooling, allow container to vent while cooling. CDI., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Hood grates for burger broiler are missing and broken. Replace broken hood grates inside of hood system. Equipment shall be kept in good repair., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Additional grouting needed between floor tiling at 3 compartment sink. Floors shall be smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable. Observed A/C vent in back area falling from ceiling and one vent near 3 compartment sink damaged., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces throughout facility: racks, nonfood contact surfaces of kitchen equipment (fry warmer/fryers), outsides of dry storage containers, metal counter beside fryers, metal stand used to hold fryer baskets, etc. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned often enough to be kept clean and free from build-up., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed ice scoop, plastic containers, and hot holding trays stored on clean storage racks with greasy residues inside and outside them. Some plastic/metal containers also still had old sticker residues on them. Food contact utensils shall be fully cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside them. All were put at 3 compartment sink to be re-cleaned during inspection. CDI.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Conta"
HARDEE&#39;S 1501967	91.5	"2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - One employee with beard observed handling food without restraint. Employee wearing face mask, but majority of side facial hair remains uncovered. When handling food, facial hair must be effectively restrained., 4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Single use paper trays observed in box laying on side with open end facing outward. Multiple single service trays spilled from stacks with food contact portions facing multiple ways. Some single service trays in box observed with brown/black spotting and debris. Single service articles must be stored in such a way that protects from contamination. CDI: box of trays voluntarily discarded by genera, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Sides of cooking equipment, shelf where hot prepared foods are held, burger cooler, bottom of prep line (doors and inside) and multiple gaskets of prep unit in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - 2 plastic pans in clean storage area observed with residual food debris and one pan observed with portion of adhesive time sticker on inside lip. All food contact surfaces must be kept clean. CDI: Pans placed in 3 compartment sink to be washed again., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In reach in cooler, raw burgers stored directly above cinnamon rolls and prepared ham and cheese. When in storage, foods must be stored according to ready to eat status and minimum safe cook temperature. Corrected during inspection (CDI): trays moved to correct storage order., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - All potentially hazardous foods in walk in cooler held above 41F (see temperature chart and product disposition form). Thermometer in unit reading at about 50F. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below. CDI: Multiple items discarded (see attached product disposition form) and items prepared shortly before inspection placed on 4 hour time as a public health control (slic, 4-301.11 Walk in cooler not holding potentially hazardous foods at 41F or below today. During inspection, unit reading at about 50F. Equipment for  holding cold food, shall be sufficient in number and capacity to provide food temperatures as specified under Chapter 3 on North Carolina Food Code. Technicians arrived at facility near end of inspection and began repairs. 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - One knife in clean equipment storage area observed severely melted. One ga"
HARDEES OF AYDEN 1332151	93.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cooked sausage in walk in unit cooling tightly wrapped with plastic wrap. Sausage cooling at insufficient rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: Cooked sausage unwrapped. Discussed use of effective cooling methods with PIC., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Shelving in dry storage/ware washing area showing signs of rusting. Gasket of front hot holding box partially detached from unit and do not provide full seal. Keep all equipment in good repair., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Stand alone fans and vent covers in kitchen rea in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean. Lighting in outdoor storage rood sufficient today., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, storage areas, hot holding boxes, and cold holding units throughout facility and roof and shield of ice mahcine in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surface clean., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Large plastic containers in clean equipment storage area tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Large chemical bottles stored with single service articles in outdoor storage room. Toxic substances shall be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food, equipment, and single service articles. CDI: Chemicals removed., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Floors, walls, and ceilings throughout facility in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, and ceilings, throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Waste receptacle in outdoor waste storage area observed with significant standing water accumulation with food debris and waste. Flies observed in kitchen area. Maintain effective control of pests and remove all pest harborage areas. ."
HARDEES SKAT THRU 1827	98.5	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Repair broken coving tile where wall ends next to charbroiler across from microwave prep table. Floor drain has been repaired., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed along door seals on the line reach-ins and interiors, surface next to drive thru computer area, inside slide top freezers on the line, shelves holding flour, and floors of the walk-in freezer."
HARRIS TEETER # 362 PIZZA	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Some light cleaning needed next to the pizza oven and around wrap station.
HARRIS TEETER #362 DELI	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Light cleaning needed on shelves in the walk-in and shelves of the hot self service bar. Some build-up observed at nonfood contact edges of racks used in the rotisserie oven. Much improvement from last inspection.
HARRIS TEETER #362 MEAT MARKET	97.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Some cleaning needed on door tracks of the cabinets below display case, side of small table top grinder next to cubing machine and around wrap stations in crevices where debris and dried meat have accumulated., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Handwashing shall occur upon entering the kitchen/prep area and before donning gloves. Observed employee return to prep area from back room and don gloves for food prep. CDI - discussed with PIC about when to wash hands."
HARRIS TEETER #362 PRODUCE	99.0	5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Handsinks may only be used for handwashing. Observed lettuce and glass in handsink during inspection. CDI - discussed with PIC and employee. Do not dump anything down handsink.
HARRIS TEETER 287 DELI	95.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under counters to remove build-up along walling. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to hood system grates, along the sliding door groves of the coolers, on the outsides of the baking oven, and proofer. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed boneless chicken wings, chicken tenders, pulled pork, and ribs in the display cases in front of the sub station and deli case at 43-44F. Ensure foods are being pushed back 4-6&quot; from the edge of the shelving to ensure they will maintain 41F and below at all times. Products on the edge of the shelving were put into walk-in cooler to cool down. The product further back in the shelving ranged from 38"
HARRIS TEETER 287 MEAT MARKET	99.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - There are divots in flooring throughout meat department. Floor shall be in good repair and easily cleanable."
HARRIS TEETER 287 PRODUCE	98.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under racks in walk-in cooler and under equipment in department. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - No probe food thermometer could be found in department. New thermometer was put in department during inspection. Food thermometer shall be available. CDI., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Observed pink and black build-up inside the middle basin of the 3 compartment sink. Ensure basins are being cleaned at least every 24 hours., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to storage racks inside walk-in cooler and on some of the fruit display racks. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean."
HARVEY&#39;S	87.5	"5-501.114 Using Drain Plugs - All dumpsters shall have drain plugs. Obtain drain plug for dumpster., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry place or in food with handles sticking out. Observed bowl used as scoop in hashbrowns, scoop with handle in the sugar, and ice machine scoop in container with water and debris., 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - Potentially hazardous ready-to-eat foods shall be date marked once prepped or opened. Observed open hot dog package, ham, and chili container with no date marking. PIC stated the items were from this past friday. CDI - items date marked. Ensure old date marking stickers are removed from dishes and new, sanitized dishes are used with new product., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Foods held with TPHC shall have times written to ensure correct discarding. Eggs did not have time recorded. Notebook for time keeping has not been filled out since March. CDI - eggs labeled. If violation persists, eggs will have to be held at 41F or below., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - A certified food protection manager shall be onsite during all food prep and service. No employees with CFPM during inspection. PIC plans on taking class next month for certification., 4-101.19 Nonfood-Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be nonabsorbent. Paint/seal the wood beam behind the 3-comp sink. 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - All equipment shall be in good repair. Deep freezer is heavily rusted and damaged and cannot shut on it&#39;s own. PIC stated they have ordered a new freezer for the facility and should be in this week. Provide paperwork for this unit to Environmental Health. 4-502.11(A)&amp;amp;(C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensils, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Potentially hazardous foods shall be cold held at 41F or below. Items in the prep unit were above 41F. Unit doors stay open for extended periods of time causing temperature increase. CDI - unit turned down to help combat doors being open. Keep doors shut when not in direct use. Items began cooling back down."
HEALTHY EATS BY CHEF D	95.5	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - No test strips for chlorine could be located today. Test strips for measuring chlorine concentration shall be available at all times. Will follow-up by 2/15/2022 to verify. 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - The 3-compartment sink needs cleaning to remove debris from yesterday. 3-compartment sink shall be cleaned at least daily to prevent accumulation of debris., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the top of the oven around stove burners to remove food debris., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (B)(3) Light at the drink station hand sink is 9 ft-cd, and 12 ft-cd at the utensil storage area. Light in the restrooms is 10-9 ft-cd. Provide at least 20 ft-cd in these areas. Light is 18 ft-cd at prep sink, and 45 ft-cd at the prep table in auxiliary room. Provide light at least 50 ft-cd here in these locations. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - There is a small amount of mold is on the ceiling women&#39;s restroom. Mold is on ceiling in room by back do, 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - A container of Clorox wipes was sitting on the prep table by vegetables being cut. Container was removed from table. Keep chemical products away from preparation areas to prevent contamination., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Employee did not use a towel to turn off the faucet at the hand sink after washing hands. Ensure employees understand that using a towel to turn off the faucet prevents recontamination of hands after cleaning. Discussed with employee."
HIBACHI EXPRESS	92.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths shall be stored in sanitizer in between uses. Observed wet wiping cloth on prep table next to steam table and on piping next to front hibachi grill., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Employee drinks shall be stored with a lid on lowest surface to prevent contamination of food and equipment. Observed employee drink on food prep cart with butter, lemons, and other food items. CDI - drink relocated., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods shall be held hot at 135F or above. Mushrooms on the grill ledge below 135F. Mushroom bowl was moved off the grill during busy time. CDI - mushrooms discarded., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Food handlers shall wash hands after interruption in task or whenever hands become contaminated. Observed employee handle personal cell phone and then immediately return to cooking food without handwashing in between. Observed employee answer facility phone and continue to prep food order for customer without handwashing in between. CDI - discussed with PIC about when to properly wash hands., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw foods shall be stored in a manner that prevents cross-contamination. Observed unpackaged raw shrimp stored above crispy onions in the reach-in freezer. Observed raw chicken stored above raw beef and unwashed vegetables stored above washed, ready-to-eat vegetables in the walk-in cooler. CDI - items rearranged properly."
HIBACHI GRILL AND BUFFET	94.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed racks in walk-in freezer that are heavily rusted, racks in 2 door reach-in across from fryers chipping, and gasket on 2 door reach-in across from fryers that is torn. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed live german cockroaches under dirty drainboard of dish machine. PIC showed me a pest control service report from Orkin from 2/25/22. Orkin will be treating every 2 weeks until pests are gone and then they will resume a maintenance treatment schedule. Establishment shall be maintained pest free., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed several stacks of plastic and metal food containers wet. Allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed food build-up in storage area for soup cups at customer buffet bar. Ensure area is being cleaned frequently to prevent build-up. Observed employee apron with build-up on it hanging from clean containe, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed food container lids with multiple date mark stickers on them, ensure food containers and lids are being washed, rinsed, and sanitized after they&#39;re emptied. All lids with multiple stickers were removed and replaced with a new lid during inspection. CDI.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed sticker residues throughout plastic food containers that were being sto"
HIBACHI JAPAN	93.5	"2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager was on duty until 19 minutes after beginning of inspection when the CFPM arrived. Establishment shall have a CFPM on duty at all times while operating and preparing food., 6-404.11 Segregation and Locations - Distressed Merchandise - Two cans of pineapple chunks were stored on the can storage rack with dents and folds in the side walls, and one had a sharp dent in the top on the crimped edge. Both cans were removed by the owner. Discussed ensuring employees understand to place dented cans in the designated location for evaluation, and not to store with other cans, until they can be evaluated., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A) In the walk-in cooler, boxes of uncut, unwashed mushrooms were stored on shelves above pans of cut onions. Also, raw shell eggs were sitting on shelf next to uncut carrots and peeled onions. Also, a pan of raw chicken was sitting on the bottom shelf next to a box of unwashed zucchini. Discussed rearranging these items. Keep raw animal foods stored below cooked and ready-to-eat foods, or provide a barrier that pr, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the grill cooler, raw chicken stored in the front of the bottom drawer was as high as 45 F, and raw beef in the front of the cooler was 42 F. Discussed keep drawers closed to ensure no gaps are left. Air temperature read 40 F when the cooler was checked. Ensure that TCS foods can be maintained at 41 F or less at all times."
HIBACHI JAPAN STEAK &amp; SUSHI	96.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths shall be stored in sanitizer in between uses. Observed wet wiping cloth on hibachi cart and on back prep unit. CDI - PIC moved wiping cloths to sanitizer buckets., 3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens - Consumer advisory shall include a disclosure and reminder. The disclosure shall state what items are served raw or undercooked. Facility&#39;s menu has asterisks on the raw and undercooked items, but does not have a statement that these items are served raw or undercooked. CDI - sign made for the order counter disclosing the foods served raw or undercooked until new menus are printed,, 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be on-site during all food prep and service. No CFPM available during inspection., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Chlorine sanitizer shall be between 50-200 ppm. Observed dishes in the sanitizing well at the 3-comp sink but solution did not register on test strips. CDI - bleach added to achieve proper concentration."
HIGHWAY 55 OF FRONTGATE	95.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - At both beverage prep stations, ice scoops stored with handles buried in product. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: scoops removed, 3-501.12 Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Slacking - Fires and tater tots slacking on counter top in metal container in main prep area. Products in this area no longer completely frozen, but majority of product in bowls predominantly frozen. When products are slacked in ambient temperature, product must remain frozen. CDI: Items placed back into freezer., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment and cold prep units in front prep areas in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed to rear cold holing equipment since previous inspection., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Two employees with facial hair observed handling food without restraints. when handling food, hair must be effectively restrained., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents throughout facility in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal beverage stored with facility products in storage areas. Store all employee items in designated areas., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Spray chemical bottles stored hanging on clean equipment and utensils storage rack. Toxic substances shall be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food or equipment. CDI: bottles removed."
HILTON OF GREENVILLE	98.0	
HOLIDAY INN	97.5	".1825(a) The hot water in the men&#39;s and women&#39;s restrooms off the lobby were both reading 75 F. Maintenance investigated, and found valve was turned off. Maintenance began rectifying the issue to provide at least 100 F water at these hand sinks. .1826(a) No hand towels or hand soap were available at the hand sink in the laundry room. Ensure that hand sinks are provided with hand soap and towels., .1828(c) Clean linen on the folding table in Laundry was falling on the floor while employee was folding. Keep clean linen off floor, and protected against contamination."
HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS	97.0	".1828 (c) In the laundry closets for each floor clean linen and room supplies were observed stored on the floor in boxes. Clean linen and supplies shall be stored in cabinets or on shelves in linen and supply storage rooms. Lodging establishment may have to take the items out of the boxes to allow for more storage room or consider purchasing additional shelving units., .1823 (c) Ice machine on each floor has pink mold accumulating along the bottom of the ice chutes. Ice machines for use by guests shall be stored and handled to prevent contamination. Ice machines will now be included in the cleaning routine for the lodging establishment."
HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS BREAKFAST	95.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning is needed inside cabinets in the cooking room, on the rolling cart, and inside the reach-in freezer., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept in good repair. Repair the damaged wall behind the oven., 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from/underneath food and food contact surfaces. Observed several chemical bottles hanging on shelf above box of apples and single-use items. CDI - items rearranged., 3-403.11 Reheating for Hot Holding - Commercially packaged items shall be reheated to 135F for hot holding. Biscuits came out of the oven at beginning of inspection. Center of the biscuits were still frozen and the outside of the biscuits were 98F. CDI - biscuits were placed back into oven to reheat., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Potentially hazardous foods shall be held cold at 41F or below. Milk refrigerator is not holding milk at 41F or below. Will return by 5/10/2021 to verify cold holding temperatures in the milk refrigerator."
HOME-TOWNE SUITES - GREENVILLE	97.5	".1824 (k) No test strips available for sanitizer. Acquire test strips to ensure sanitizer is made and used at effective concentration., .1828 (e) Soiled linen isolated from clean linen, but soiled linen containers not labeled. Label soiled linen containers."
HONEY BAKED HAMS	97.0	"4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - Temperature of wash solution at 3 comp sink while actively washing was 82 F.  Manual wash solution temperature shall be maintained at least 110 F.  Manufacturing label of cleaning agent did not provide temperature.  Hot water was added., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed on storage shelf near make line to remove sticky food debris, cleaning needed in reach in cooler to remove food debris.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting in walk in freezer at 3-12 foot candles (ft-cd) and 4-13 ft-cd in walk in cooler. In both units, lighting falls below 10 ft-cd in center areas."
HOOK &amp; REEL CAJUN SEAFOOD &amp; BAR	93.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Single service cups used as scoops in dry product containers. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination. Improvement  to storage of in use utensils observed since previous inspection. Facility has designated utensils in correct storage in cooking and prep area. ., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving in equipment storage area, outsides of some storage containers, and cooking area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal foods stored with facility products in dry storage, cold prep units, and walk in unit. Store all employee foods in designated areas., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Raw shrimp cooling in container tightly sealed with plastic wrap. Shrimp not cooling at required rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure products are rapidly cooled. CDI: container vented and moved to freezer., 6-202.13 Insect Control Devices, Design and Installation - Adhesive insect trap stored hanging above 3 comp sink in rear prep area. insect control devices must be used in such a way that prevents contamination of food and equipment from insect accumulation. CDI: removed., 3-403.11 Reheating for Hot Holding - Crab legs on stove top reheating in pan over very low flame and with inadequate water for reheating. Temperature of crab legs increased from 105F to 108F after 57 minutes of reheating. TCS products reheated for hot holding must be reheated rapidly and reach required temperature within 2 hours of reheating start. CDI: Water added and temperature increased. Crab legs rapidly reheated to minimum 135F., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - IN walk in unit, raw, ready to eat oysters and cooked crab legs stored below raw fish and shrimp. Foods must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination. CDI: Items moved to correct storage orders."
HOOTERS OF GREENVILLE	97.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment -  Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Breading station box still damaged at left front corner. Bottom of walk-in refrigerator walls by the door are damaged and not easily cleanable. Some shelving in walk-in and at dish area are rusting. All door seals have been replaced., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Heavy build-up of soil and flour at the grill drawers  underneath drawers and on the drawers themselves. Freezer drawers have debris build-up as well. Light cleaning needed on shelving above prep unit. Shelving in the walk-in also needs cleaning., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Floor seams are split on line and at bar area and no longer easily cleanable, water is getting underneath floor panels from mopping. Vents throughout kitchen are rusted and peeling paint. Have items repaired. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on the wall tiles behind the main cook line and on half"
HOPE MIDDLE SCHOOL	99.0	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wiping cloths stored in quat solution bucket less than 200ppm.  Wiping cloths shall be kept dry or stored in sanitizer solution at correct concentration.  Bucket was dumped and refreshed with quat solution of 200ppm.  CDI, 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Two cases of single use food trays were stored on the floor next to service line.  Items must be kept at least 6 inches above the floor.  Food trays were moved onto a service cart. CDI"
HOWELL CENTER	97.5	"7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - The spray chlorine sanitizer bottle registered more than 200 ppm. Discussed dilution, and bottle was diluted to less than 200 ppm. Ensure chlorine sanitizer is maintained at 50-200 ppm., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (C) The can opener had food debris on it, but the manager stated it had not been used today. Can opener was moved to clean. Ensure food-contact surfaces are cleaned and sanitized at least every 4 hours."
HOWELL CENTER 1 AND 2 - (Lodging)	93.0	".1318(a) Miscellaneous - All patient care or consumable items shall be kept at least 8 inches above the floor and not below exposed sewer lines. In Webb building, patient toiletry boxes are stored under the sink in both bathrooms, feeding bags were stored under the sink in the pharmacy, and gloves were stored under the sink in room 3.  .1318(a) Miscellaneous - In Daniel building, distilled water stored under sink in room 3, patient toiletry boxes stored under sinks in both bathrooms, and syringe, .1321(b) Food Supplies and Protection - Food brought by employees must be stored separately from food for patients. In Webb pharmacy, Dr. Pepper stored in the patient freezer. Dr. Pepper was discarded. In Daniel pharmacy, employee lunch bag stored in the patient refrigerator. Do not use patient refrigerators for employee use., .1319(b) - Laundry facilities shall be kept clean and in good repair. Cabinet to the left of the sink in the laundry room of the Daniel building has shelving that is being eroded by chemicals. Shelving under sink in Daniel building laundry room and in Webb building laundry room need cleaning to remove fuzzy buildup. Floor around chemical racks in Daniel laundry room is being soiled by rusting chemical racks., .1312(e) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Hot water shall be between 100?F and 116?F. Hot water exceeded 116?F in the Webb building, Daniel building, and in the school building. Facility is not using the school building for patients at this time due to COVID-19 restrictions. Be sure to check the water before bringing patients back into the school., .1309(a) - Floors shall be kept in good repair. In Daniel laundry room, floor tiles broken around floor drain and one missing behind washing machine. In Daniel building room 1, floor tiles at the bathroom threshold and the treatment room threshold are cracked and damaged. Keep floors smooth and easily cleanable., .1319(a) - All furnishings shall be kept clean and in good repair. Sink cabinets in all rooms had damage to doors or inside shelf. In the Webb pharmacy, two cabinets had broken handles. One cabinet in the Daniel pharmacy had a broken handle. Chemical racks in both laundry rooms are heavily rusted. Recommend replacing the chemical racks."
HSC STARBUCK&#39;S	99.0	2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be onsite during all food prep and handling. No CFPM available.
HSC STUDENT CENTER	99.0	"3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - In the grill area squeeze bottles containing water, oil, and a sauce mixture were not labeled. Food storage containers storing food items that are not unmistakably recognized shall be labeled to identify the items. Labels were placed on the bottles."
HWY 55 BURGER SHAKES &amp; FRIES ARLINGTON	96.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Observed ice scoop handle pushed down into ice at drink station, ensure handle of ice scoop is being kept outside of the ice or stored outside of ice on a clean surface. Scoop moved to ice bin lid. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed metal and plastic food containers on clean storage rack with food residues inside of them. Ensure containers and utensils are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside. All containers were put at 3 compartment sink to be recleaned during inspection. CDI., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed coleslaw dated for 12/22/21. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being discarded after 7 days once being made. The coleslaw should have been discarded on 12/28/21 (date made + 6 days). Coleslaw discarded. CDI.  3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed pimento cheese in reach-in cooler without a date mark on it. Ensure ready to eat TCS food is being dated if not"
HWY 55 BURGERS 10TH ST	90.5	"3-501.13 Thawing - Package of frozen raw chicken was thawing in sink with no running water.  Use approved thawing methods to ensure foods are being thawed safely.  Chicken was placed under cool running water., 2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Food employees working with exposed foods were wearing a ring with stones.  Food employee are only permitted to wear a plain band ring when working with exposed food., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Walls and floors throughout facility in need of cleaning.  Cleaning needed on ceiling tiles to remove dust buildup.  Keep all physical facilities clean. 6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - Have unnecessary items that are being stored and no longer used removed from facility,, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed to removed buildup on side of ice cream machine, inside of cooler units in cooking area to remove food debris, bun steamer, and cooking equipment.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Container of raw shrimp was stored above ready to eat food in the reach in cooler.  Keep food separated and properly stored so that they do not become a source of contamination.  Shrimp container was removed., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Employee cooking raw meat on grill, changed gloves but did not wash hands when changing tasks to work with ready to eat items.  Employee shall wash hands when changing tasks.  Employee removed gloves and washed hand and donned new gloves., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Items on the left side of main make station were not being kept at 41 F or below (eggs 43F, sliced cheese 44F, and pimento cheese 43F.)  No cold holding issues with items on the right side top and bottom of this unit.  Container of burgers at the bottom of burger cooler were 43-46F.  No cold holding issues with burgers being held at top of unit.  TCS food being cold held must be kept at or below 41 F.  To"
HWY 55 BURGERS SHAKES &amp; FRIES	97.5	"6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Air vents in kitchen area and restrooms in need of cleaning to remove dust and soil accumulation. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, bun steamer, prep units, reach in freezer, and shelving in rear of facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Metal mesh scrubbing bad stored in front hand sink. Hand sinks shall be used fro no purposes other than hand washing. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Scrubbing pad removed."
HWY 55 BURGERS SHAKES &amp; FRIES (FARMVILLE)	96.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Two door reach-in cooler in back room has torn gaskets on both doors. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair. Repair or replace gaskets., 4-502.11 (B) Good Repair and Calibration - Digital thermometer read 35F inside of ice bath. Food thermometers shall be +/-2F of accuracy. Ensure thermometers are being checked frequently for accuracy. No extra thermometer available. I will return on 2/24/22 to ensure accurate thermometer is available. VR, 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Observed piping under 3 compartment sink leaking. Plumbing shall be maintained in good repair. Have leaks fixed., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed container of raw bacon stored above container of shredded cheese at bottom of prep cooler. Ensure foods inside refrigeration are being stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperatures. Bacon moved to another cooler during inspection. CDI."
HWY 55 BURGERS SHAKES AND FRIES (SMYTHEWYCK)	94.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cooked onions cooling in deep, tightly sealed plastic container. Visible condensation accumulated on lid of container. Per discussion with PIC, onions cooling for about 5 hours. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: Product placed into smaller containers and moved to freezer., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Concrete basin mop pit area and walls throughout rear of facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Metal containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, prep units, and shelving in rear of facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Door and chute of ice machine observed with black and brown build up. Ice machine and beverage dispensers shall be cleaned at sufficient frequency to prevent accumulation or at manufacturer&#39;s specified frequency.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some plastic and metal container in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall b"
"HWY 55 BURGERS, SHAKES &amp; FRIES"	92.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Bottom of small prep cooler, sides of cooking and storage equipment, and racks in ware washing area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand sinks near ice machine and in men&#39;s restroom not provided paper towel. Per discussion with manager, facility has run out and is awaiting delivery today. Hand washing sinks must be provided hand drying provisions. Veri, 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Cooked onions and peppers held at less than 135F on stove top. When held hot, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 135F or above. Corrected d, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Hot dogs and raw bacon in bottom of small grill prep held above 41F. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below. CDI: hot dogs an"
"HWY 55 BURGERS, SHAKES, &amp; FRIES"	94.0	"4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - No food thermometer was available during inspection. Food thermometer shall be available to ensure food temperatures as correct. I will return in 7 days (2/18/22) to verify thermometer is available. VR, 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Observed employee have their hair pulled back but no physical hair restraint on. Ensure employees that directly handle food wear an approved hair restraint.  2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Observed employee that handles food wear bracelets. Only hand/wrist jewelry allowed is a single banded ring., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed container used to hold miscellaneous utensils that had build-up inside it and utensils inside were visibly soiled. Observed ketchup bottles stored above prep sink with visible soil. Ensure utensils in storage are being stored in clean and protected areas so they are maintained clean., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed two sanitizing buckets test at 0ppm chlorine. Ensure sanitizer buckets are maintained at 50-200ppm by changing at least every 4 hours or as often as needed., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors and walls throughout facility. Ensure equipment is being moved and cleaned under and walls behind prep areas are cleaned. Physical facilities shall be maintained clean and free from build-up., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: Handles of refrigeration, frames of refrigeration, doors of refrigeration, inside refrigeration, on shelving beside prep cooler, etc. Ensure nonfood contact surfaces are being cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean and free from build-up., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Observed employee wash their hands for ~5 seconds. Ensure proper hand washing procedures are being followed while hand washing. Wash for at least 20 seconds. Instructed employee on proper procedures and they rewashed their hands. CDI."
HWY 55 OF ARLINGTON	82.0	"4-203.12 Temperature Measuring Devices, Ambient Air and Water-Accuracy - Observed ambient temperatures inside of reach-in coolers that were not accurate. Most were reading 20-30F in units. Replace ambient thermometers in units unless unit has a built-in thermometer that is accurate. VR, 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Additional lighting needed inside womens and mens restrooms. They currently have ~10 foot candles of lighting and shall have 20 foot candles., 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to fronts/sides of cooking equipment, at bottom of refrigeration units, and on shelving where bread is being stored. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Fill all small holes in FRP throughout establishment and bathrooms. Physical facilities shall be smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable. Replace water stained ceiling tile in mens restroom.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under and behind cooking equipment to remove grease build-up. Physical facilities shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed plastic and metal food containers stacked wet on clean storage rack. Allow dishes to adequately air dry before stacking them. Observed metal containers stored with foot contact portion facing up and standing water inside them, invert dishes so they drain properly and are protected., 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - Hand sink in back of kitchen did not have soap available during inspection. Keep all hand sinks stocked with soap and towels. Towel put in dispenser during inspection. CDI  6-301.14 Handwashing Signage - There are no hand washing signs in mens or womens restrooms. Signs provided during inspection. CDI, 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Observed chemical spray bottles that were not labeled with solution inside. Chemical bottles were labeled during inspection or emptied if solution was unknown. Ensure all chemical bottles are labeled with name of solution inside. CDI, 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection does not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Observed door on sandwich prep unit that was not sealing correctly, causing all food in unit to be above 41F. Have door repaired so that it seals. Observed gaskets on several units that were ripped, replace any ripped gaskets. Food container rack is rusted, replace or repaint rack so that it&#39;s smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable.  Have faucet on 3 compartment sink repaired so that you can adjust hot and cold water. Currently there is only hot wate, 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed metal food container with dried food residues inside of it stored on clean storage rack and food contact portion of can opener had black build-up. Ensure food contact surfaces are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all food residues and cleaned at appropriate frequencies. Both were put at 3 compartment sink. CDI  4-702.11 Before Use After Cleaning - Sanitizer concentrate for sanitizing dispenser at 3, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed all foods in main prep unit at 45-48F. All foods that had been in unit for more then 4 hours were discarded. Foods that weren&#39;t were time stamped and will be discarded within 4 hours until unit is repaired. Timed items will be: sliced tomatoes, all cheeses, pimento cheese, shredded lettuce, and coleslaw. Milk inside of shake 2 door cooler was 55F. Milk, whip cream, and all sauces that said ke"
HYSTER-YALE #1	96.5	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in walk in equipment shall be at least 10 ft-cd.  Lighting in walk in ranges from 13-4 ft cd in furthest corner.  Lighting in restrooms shall be 20 ft-cd.  Lighting in food employee restroom is 10 ft-cd.  Increase lighting in these areas., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Store raw animal meat properly based on final cook temperatures.  Observed open packages of uncooked chicken stored above packages of beef in walk in freezer.  Ensure raw animal meat are stored properly to prevent contamination.  Items were moved to correct storage., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Equipment and utensils shall be clean to sight and touch.  Observed a few oven pans with greasy residue and one container with dry food debris.  Items moved to sink to be rewashed.  Ensure that dishes are cleaned to remove residue and food debris before sanitizing and air drying.  Waste buckets from last inspection were observed clean.  No other clean items were soiled."
HYSTER-YALE #2	94.5	"4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - Soapy water must be at least 110?F when washing dishes. Employee seen washing dishes and water measured 98?F. Soapy water was drained to be remade., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Wiping cloths can either be kept dry or be held in sanitizer solution. Rags seen in soapy water buckets today. Do not store rags in the soapy water. Keeping them in sanitizer will continuously kill any germs wiped up by the rags., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - TCS foods held cold shall maintain temperatures of 41?F or below. Broccoli salad, lettuce, tuna salad, cantaloupe, and ham on the salad bars not holding 41?F or below today. Chicken salad and tuna salad on ice baths at the sandwich station also not holding temperature. Ice was not filled enough in these areas to keep foods at safe temperatures. More ice was added to the salad bars. Lunch ended at 1:15, 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Time/Temperature Control for Safety (TCS) Foods held hot shall maintain temperatures of 135?F or above. Fried chicken, chicken strips, and burger patties on steam tables not holding temperature today. Fried chicken and chicken strips were discarded. Burger patty was reheated to 200?F. TPHC procedures were written for fried chicken products today. Facility will be able to hold these food ite"
I LOVE PHO ASIAN BISTRO	96.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - In the walk-in freezer, a container with a cooling roast beef was placed inside. Container was stainless steel with a plastic lid, and after 25 minutes, cooled from 105 F to 96.3 F (rate of 0.348 F/minute). TCS foods cooling from 135 F to 70 F shall cool at rate of 0.54 F/minute or higher. Discussed cutting the roast into smaller portions, and using loose covers on the container., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - The quaternary ammonia was not dispensing from the dispenser at the 3-compartment sink due to a clog in the line. Owner cleaned the line of the clog. Ensure that sanitizer is dispensed at required amounts to ensure sanitization is applied as required. Chlorine is also available, along with test strips, for sanitizer use., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - Establishment does not have a Certified Food Protection Manager. Provide a CFPM while establishment is preparing or serving food."
IHOP #4415	92.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some plastic containers observed tightly stacked wet. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.  4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Some multi-use silverware in equipment storage area observed with food contact portion facing upward. Utensils must be stored covered or inverted to prevent contamination., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Insides of clod holding equipment, gaskets of prep units, and sides of cooking equipment in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Gaskets of main prep unit doors in need of repair and gaskets of left reach in not holding seal when unit is closed. Keep all equipment in good repair. Several gaskets throughout facility have been replaced. Continue repairs to equipment., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Previously thawed burger stored on plate in microwave showed signs of prolonged storage. Bottom of burger and surrounding area on plate showed evidence of microbial growth. Foods must be kept safe and unadulterated. CDI: burger immediately discarded, plate moved to ware washing area to be cleaned, and microwave sanitized. Do not store raw animal products in this area other than for times of preparation., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Sliced tomatoes and sliced turkey in main prep top and turkey bacon in left reach in held above 41F. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below. CDI: instructed employees to keep unit closed to maintain temperatures and products began cooling. Turkey bacon used before end of inspection., 3-301.11 Preventing Contamination from Hands - One employee handled ready to eat waffle for service with bare hands. Ready to eat foods must be handled with gloved hands or utensils to prevent contamination from hands. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Waffle discarded and employee donned gloved to make new waffle., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Sausage on stove top and sausage gravy in steam well held at less than 135F. When held hot, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 135F or above. CDI: products reheated to at least 165F."
IHOP #4415	91.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Sanitizer solution bucket at correct concentration with wiping cloths was stored on floor of kitchen.  Keep buckets stored off of floor.  Bucket moved., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Portion cups used to scoop confectionary sugar were left in bin.  Use scoops that have handles so that handles can be stored above food.  Cups were removed., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - The wall divider between the hand sink and toilet in the women restroom is not secured to wall.  Have divider repaired.  Keep physical facility in good repair. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Cleaning needed to remove food and debris throughout kitchen floors and walls behind equipment.  Keep physical facilities clean as often as necessary to keep clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed to remove food debris and buildup on grills, fryers and storage racks and bottom of coolers in the kitchen area.  Cleaning also needed in walk ins to remove buildup on storage shelves, fans, and speed racks.  Keep non food contacts surfaces clean., 4-204.112Temperature Measuring Devices - Functionality - No ambient air temperature thermometer provided in server prep cooler. Temperature measuring devices shall be provided and readily accessible for use in ensuring attainment and maintenance of food temperatures. CDI: thermometer provided., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Large mixing bowl was stored on floor of walk in freezer.  Keep clean equipment stored 6 inches above the floor.  Bowl moved to be cleaned.  4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Plastic and metal containers stored in dry dish area were wet stacked.  Allow dishes to air dry before stacking., 3-306.14 Returned Food and Re-service of Food - During inspection observed a steak come back to kitchen due to order error.  Steak from order was placed back on grill for additional cooking.  Orders that come back from being served can not be reserved for human consumption.  Steak was discarded and new order cooked., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - French toast batter (50F) and roasted tomatoes (45-50F) in make station cooler were not being held at or below 41 F.  Potentially hazardous food (PHF) being cold held must be kept at 41 F or below.  Unit internal thermometer was 38 F.  Be sure employees keep PHF under temperature control.  Items were voluntarily discarded by PIC. Improvement to cold holding observed., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - A few dishes and equipment stored cleaned had some dried food debris.  Food contact surfaces of equipment and utensils shall be clean to sight and touch.  Items moved to be cleaned.  Much improvement made from last inspection and drink nozzles were clean as well."
IRONWOOD GOLF &amp; COUNTRY CLUB	93.5	"3-501.13 Thawing - Observed deli meats and chicken thawing at room temperature. Ensure foods are being thawed under refrigeration, under 70F or less running water, or as a part of the cooking process. Bags of chicken and deli meats moved to reach-in cooler during inspection. CDI., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to hot box, inside reach-in freezer, reach-in cooler at wait staff area, and framing of prep coolers units. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed chemical spray bottles in kitchen and chemical storage without labeling. Ensure spray bottles are labeled with name of solution inside. All labeled during inspection. CDI.  7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed soap container stored directly on top of ice bin lid at bar. Ensure chemicals are stored in a manner that prevent cross contamination with food, utensils, and single-use articles. Container moved during inspection. CDI., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed raw pre-breaded shrimp stored above deli meats in reach-in freezer, observed smoked bacon over cooked rice in reach-in cooler, and observed bags of whole loaf bread stored directly next to tubs of raw ground beef in walk-in freezer. Ensure foods are being stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperatures inside refrigeration and freezers to prevent cross contamination. All properly re-arranged during, 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed cooked bbq, potatoes, and deli meat without date marks on them. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being date marked if not used within 24 hours. If deli meats are frozen and defrosted ensure the defrost is put on label. All properly dated during inspection. CDI.  3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed several pickled vegetables, salsa,  and sausage&amp;amp;chees"
ISAHANA JAPANESE FUSION	90.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Baseboards are detached along walls underneath 3-comp sink and handsink #4. Floor tiles are cracked in prep area by walk-ins, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Walk-in refrigerator and 2 door reach-in door seals are torn. Dish drying shelving is rusty. Continue working on transitional items. 4-502.11 (A) and (C) Good, 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths must be kept in sanitizer when not in-use. Observed wet wiping cloth on counter in bar., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on prep tables on the line where food and grease debris has accumulated, inside prep units and 2 door reach-in where spills have occurred and water has poole, 2-101.11 Assignment - Person in charge shall be present at the food establishment during all hours of operation. PIC was not present until end of inspection., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - TCS foods shall be date marked when prepped and/or cooked and held for a maximum of 7 days. Cooked noodles in prep unit and walk-in did not have date marking. Cooked broccoli, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Maintain access to handsinks at all times. Handsinks may only be used for handwashing. Observed pitcher in line handsink and sink was blocked by large pot on top of prep table moved in front , 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Equipment food contact surfaces shall be cleaned and sanitized at least once every 4 hours if not actively correctly hot holding or cold holding. Observed rice warmer (turned off) leftove"
ITALIAN VILLAGE PIZZA	94.0	"2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Two employees were handling and service exposed food without wearing hair restraints. Employees who handle exposed food, whether serving customers, or preparing and cooking, shall wear hair restraints., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - The ice scoop was stored on top of the sliding lid of the ice bin. Provide a clean storage container, such as a multi-use container, to keep ice scoop stored in a clean, sanitizable area., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - An employee coffee cup was sitting on the weight scale on the prep table. Keep employee drinks stored in locations away from equipment, and provide a container that has a closed lid. Coffee cup had an open drinking port., 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Bulk bleach bottles, detergent, and Ajax were stored on shelf above 3-compartment sink above collander, sieve, and beside multi-use utensil lids. Also, two hand sanitizer bottles were stored below were stored on spice rack above prep table. These bottles should be stored in areas away from food, utensils, and equipment to avoid contamination., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Discussed TPHC procedures, and the fact that no charts had yet been updated for hot/cold items today. Charts list items under TPHC, but charts with these food items are not referenced in the procedure. Charts, at minimum, need referencing to identify the foods (hot or cold) that will be held under TPHC per paragraph (A), which is required for a working supply of PHF/TCS foods, in this case, displayed or held for sale or service. 3-501.19 Time as a Publi, 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - Person-In-Charge had a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) certification for the 1st hour of the inspection. When establishment is open and serving customers, the PIC shall have a CFPM certification."
J &amp; J WINGS CAFE	98.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Containers of cooked rice in the make station and raw chicken in the walk in cooler were cooling down with tight fitting lids.  Vent lids or loosely cover them to allow rapid cooling.  Containers lids were removed or vented., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Keep all physical facility clean as often as necessary.  Cleaning needed on floor and wall behind grill and fryer to remove food debris and buildup."
J H ROSE HIGH SCHOOL CAFETERIA	97.5	"6-404.11 Segregation and Locations - Distressed Merchandise - Two tomato ketchup cans were on the can rack, and had large dents and folds in the can walls. Both cans were removed. Ensure that distressed merchandise is stored in locations away from other merchandise to prevent use., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the CVAP Hot Box at the service line, five cups of collard greens from two different storage pans measured 124-134 F, while at least five others measured 135 F-145 F. No explanation could be provided for why some cups were not holding above 135 F. Cups that were measured as under 135 F were discarded. Ensure that TCS foods are maintained at 135 F or higher. Consider placing item under TPHC program."
JACK BROWN&#39;S BEER &amp; BURGER JOINT	96.0	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed sanitizer inside bucket at 0ppm quaternary ammonia. Ensure sanitizer is being changed frequently enough to be kept at 200-400ppm quaternary ammonia and clean. Bucket changed during inspection to 200-300ppm. CDI., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed peroxide disinfectant bottles hung from ice bin used to hold can and bottle beer. Keep chemicals stored in a manner to prevent contamination of drinks/food. Bottles moved during inspection. CDI.  7-209.11 Storage - Other Personal Care Items - Observed bottles of rubbing alcohol and medicine stored on dry food storage racks. Keep chemicals and medicines stored in a designated area away from foods. Both moved during inspection. CDI., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring of walk-in cooler, under 3 compartment sink, and on walling in various areas. Ensure physical facilities are being cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed all food in 2 door reach-in cooler at 42-44F. Unit shall be able to maintain TCS food at 41F and below. All TCS food were moved to walk-in cooler that was holding at 38F during inspection. Do not use unit to hold TCS foods until it&#39;s maintaining 41F and below. CDI."
JAMERICAN HOT DOGS	98.0	2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager on duty at time of inspection.
JERSEY MIKE&#39;S 3124	99.5	3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be rapidly cooled using approved methods. A few containers of cut tomatoes were cut today and cooling in the walk-in with plastic wrap covering them. Allow foods to cool uncovered or loosely covered and vented to allow cold air flow around the product. Recommend cooling cut tomatoes to 41F in walk-in before placing in the sandwich prep to allow proper cooling.
JERSEY MIKE&#39;S 4	96.0	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Prep sink is coming off wall exposing screw holes, have prep sink secured to wall and caulked. Observed baseboard tiles in walk-in and other areas of kitchen that were broken or loose. Missing tiling on walling beside grill. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Have caulk along the backside of the 3 compartment sink cleaned or replaced if it cannot be c, 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Observed wet wiping cloths hanging from counter during start of inspection. Ensure wet cloths are stored in a properly mixed sanitizer between uses or discarded., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Observed racks in back storage that are rusted, have them repainted or replaced. Observed bottom drawer on grill prep cooler not sealing properly, have drawer repaired so that it seals. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 4-702.11 Before Use After Cleaning - Observed sanitizer in 3 compartment sink and spray bottles used to sanitize meat slicer at 0ppm quaternary ammonia. Sanitizer concentrate container was empty during inspection. PIC used sanitizer tablets to make sanitizer that tested at 300ppm quaternary ammonia. CDI."
JERSEY MIKES	95.0	"4-501.18 Warewashing Equipment, Clean Solutions - Observed pieces of lettuce in sanitizing solution at 3 compartment sink. Wash, rinse, and sanitizing solution shall be kept clean. Utensils dipped in sanitizing solution should not have any food debris on , 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to side of grill, on front/side of bread warmer, and on deli meat case. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from bu, 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed sliced tomatoes and tuna in walk-in cooler that were being cooled with lids. Both only cooled 1F in ~30 minutes not meeting the appropriate cooling rate. I recommended cooling these in the reach-in freezer to rapidly co, 5-103.11 Capacity-Quantity and Availability - Hot water at hand sinks, prep sinks, and 3 compartment sink would only reach 90F. 3 compartment sink shall reach at least 110F and hand sinks shall reach at least 90F. Establishment will heat water in metal co, 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under counters, grill, bread warmer, under cabinets under soda and under racks in walk-in cooler. Flooring shall be kept clean and free from build-up.  6-501.11 Repairi, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Tomatoes on sandwich make line were 45-48F due to them being stored in a shallow container. Tomatoes were removed and rapidly cooled to 41F in reach-in freezer"
JERSEY MIKES - MEMORIAL DR	94.0	"2-501.11 Clean-up of Vomiting and Diarrheal Event - Establishment could not locate the written procedure for responding to vomiting or diarrheal events. Policy was provided. Establishment shall keep a written procedure on hands at all times, and made available upon request., 2-201.11 (A), B), (C), and (E) Responsibility of Permit Holder, Person in Charge and Conditional Employees - No policy for reporting employee diseases could be located that contained nontyphodial Salmonella. A new document was provided. Ensure this information remains available when needed, and accessible for employee review., 5-205.12 Prohibiting a Cross Connection - The water hose was under pressure at the service sink, and lying in the sink base. Discussed preventing cross-connections by keeping the spray wand of the hose out of the sink, or turning off water and relieving pressure in the hose., 4-203.12 Temperature Measuring Devices, Ambient Air and Water - Accuracy - The air thermometer in the walk-in cooler hanging from the storage rack was reading -12 F. Thermometer was removed. This air thermometer was present due to the unit&#39;s original thermometer not functioning. If this type of thermometer is maintained in the walk-in cooler, ensure it accurately reads the air temperature. The other option is to repair the exterior thermometer., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - The quaternary ammonia sanitizer bottle at the 3-compartment sink was greater than 400 ppm. Bottle was diluted to at least 400 ppm. Ensure sanitizer is maintained at 200-400 ppm per manufacturer&#39;s specification., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - The container of tuna salad in the McCray deli cooler was not dated with the opening date, including the tuna salad and mushroom containers in the walk-in cooler. All were reported as opened 2/16/2022, but the time that were opened was not available. Ensure these containers are date marked with opening date if not used within 24 hours."
JERSEY MIKES- GREENVILLE BLVD	95.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Wall in mop pit area and walls and floor near rear exit in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Ventilation throughout facility in need of cleaning. Vents in restrooms observed with dust accumulation. Vents in kitchen area observed with soil and possible microbial growth. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Gaskets, doors, and door tracks of sandwich prep unit in need of cleaning. Baffles of hood in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - One container of tuna salad in front sandwich cooler not date marked. Tuna salad is prepped at this facility. Ready to eat foods unpackaged or prepared and held longer than 24 hours must be date marked, unless otherwise exempted by this code. CDI: Date sticker provided by PIC., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some nozzles of customer self service drink dispenser observed with black accumulation. All food contact surfaces must be kept clean to sight and touch. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Nozzles removed by PIC and cleaned."
JET&#39;S PIZZA	92.0	"2-201.11 (A), B), (C), and (E) Responsibility of Permit Holder, Person in Charge and Conditional Employees - PIC unable to located employee health policy and demonstrate knowledge of reportable food borne illnesses.  Employees must be trained and provided information regarding reportable food borne illnesses.  Provided PIC resource of all reportable food borne illnesses. Use and train employees and have document available for future inspections., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles, 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Lids and doors to dumpster were left open, keep these closed in between uses.  Debris and grease buildup in dumpster area, keep these area clean and free of debris., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Clean cold prep units in front service area to removed buildup on door contact spaces, bottom of units and door seals.  Clean exterior of cooler and cooking equipment in front service area to removed buildup and debris.  Clean buildup on shelving in walk in cooler., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Keep all equipment in good repair. Shelving in walk in cooler showing signs of rusting and some have started to chip. Have these shelves repair or replaced to prevent contamination., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Keep all toxic items stored so they will not become a source of contamination.  Observed closed container of bleach on prep table next to vegetables being prepped.  Also spray bottle of degreaser was hanging on shelving holding single use items.  Both items were moved to proper storage, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods that are cold held must be kept at 41F or below.  TCS items in salad prep cooler were not being kept at 41F or below. (Ham, Ranch, shred cheeses, diced tomatoes and unit thermometer was at 41F.  Observed that unit was set to 1, PIC adjusted temperature to 4 setting.  After 45 mins unit thermometer was at 38F, REHS thermometer was 36F, and all foods were being maintained at 41F.  Also recommended"
JIMMY JOHN&#39;S #1152	93.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Mold/mildew build-up on door seals of back prep unit as well as walk-in refrigerator unit. Some mold growth at nonfood contact surface of inside of bulk ice machine., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Foods offered for human consumption shall be safe and unadulterated. Observed soft onion caving in on itself in onion bag in the walk-in refrigerator. CDI - onion discarded. Ensure produce is inspected regularly to discard any rotten fruits and vegetables., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed food debris left on small slicer hanging on shelf with clean dishes. Some debris left in large bowl on top shelf of clean dishes in the back. Some build-up observed in ice chute of self-service drink machine. CDI - items relocated to be washed, drink machine cleaned and sanitized., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Food employees shall wash their hands before donning gloves and after any possible contamination of the hands. Observed employee leave kitchen area to go outside, return to kitchen and put gloves on without handwashing. CDI - discussed with PIC about proper handwashing. 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Hands shall be scrubbed with soap for at least 15 seconds and rinsed, then dried with approved hand drying provision. Observed employee scrub hands with soap for 6-7 seconds a"
JIMMY JOHN&#39;S #1391	99.0	5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - A plumbing system shall be maintained in good repair. 3-comp sink faucet is badly leaking and men&#39;s restroom faucet is also leaking.
JIMMY JOHN&#39;S #4134	96.5	"4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed vegetable dicer and slicer stored on clean storage rack with dried food residues on the blades. Ensure all residues are removed from food contact surfaces before storing clean. Both put at 3 compartment sink during inspection. CDI.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - PIC said they only rotated cutting knives at prep surfaces once a shift which is ~ every 6 hours. Ensure, 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager on duty during inspection. CFPM shall be present during all hours of operation."
JOE&#39;S COUNTRY MART	91.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under 3 compartment sink. Physical facilities shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Observed spray bottle with blue liquid inside of it without unlabeled. Keep chemical spray bottles labeled with name of solution inside. Bottle labeled during inspection., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Observed string lights laying in hand sink. Hand sink shall be kept free from stored and used for hand washing purposes only. Lights were moved out of sink. CDI., 5-501.11 Outdoor Storage Surface - Dumpster shall be stored on a non-absorbent surface, it&#39;s currently sitting on the grass beside the asphalt pavement. Have trash company put dumpster on payment.  5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Trash on ground all around dumpster, keep trash area kept clean and picked up., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection did not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - No bleach available in establishment to make sanitizer, ensure sanitizer is available for dish washing at 3 compartment sink. PIC went to store to get bleach during inspection. CDI."
JOE&#39;Z EAT&#39;Z	95.0	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Some single service containers stored with food contact protons facing upwards uncovered. Cardboard flat previously used for raw shell eggs stored on top of upward facing stack of single service pans. Single service articles removed from packaging must be stored covered or inverted and in such a way that prevents contamination. CID: containers inverted. Egg flats and contacted pans discarded., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Multi use utensils in front service and rear prep area stored in vertical storage containers with food contact surfaces facing upwards uncovered. Utensils must be stored covered or inverted to prevent contamination. CDI: utensils inverted., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Spoons in chicken salad and salsa in main prep unit stored with handles contacting product. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: spoons removed., 3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens - Consumer advisory for raw animal products offered cooked to less than safe minimum temperature incomplete. Per discussion with PIC, eggs and burgers on menu offered cooked to less than safe minimum temperature. Reminder present for products requiring consumer advisory, but disclosure missing for products.  A consumer advisory compliant with North Carolina Food Code 3-603.11 must be, 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Boxes of chicken in walk in and boxed of frozen food products in walk in freezer stored on floor. Food must be stored at least 6 inches above the floor to prevent contamination. CDI: boxes elevated., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Pooled scrambled egg on prep top and cheese held above fill line of main prep unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: excess cheese removed and placed into bottom of cooler. Discussed fill line indicators of unit with PIC. Liquid eggs placed back into unit. Cold prep unit effectively holding TCS products at 41F and below today."
K &amp; W CAFETERIA	90.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the shelving above the preparation line, cabinets behind doors at the Bakery area, and utensil storage racks., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Floor areas are pitting, allowing pooled water throughout the dish machine area. Floor is cracking or peeling up around cooking kettles and in utility sink area, and at corner wall with a large gap in coving. Seal holes in walls around cook area, and seal loose wall panel under expo counter. Smooth and seal the walls at the bussing station that are plastered, but have not been made smooth and easily cleanable.  6-501.12, 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Cockroaches were seen crawling in the following areas: in wall corner at dish machine area above storage rack; at cook line next to soup kettles; two seen at cook area partial wall at prep tables; on utensil storage rack; on top of the dish machine; under the Bakery utensil sink. Binder presented for documentation of controls measures. Continue to surveil and treat for cockroaches., 6-303.11(C) Light at the Takeout area beverage station is 8 ft-cd, service line ice bin and drink station is 17-19 ft-cd, and preparation table left corner in back room is 25-35 ft-cd, from slicer to right-side of table. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in these areas. (B)(3) Light is 10 ft-cd at Takeout hand sink and single-service article storage, and 6 ft-cd at wait station hand sink at dish conveyor belt. Provide at least 20 ft-cd at these locations., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - In the Trauslen Roll-in cooler, two shredded cheese bags were 64 F, and a container of raw veal was 56 F. General Manager stated this cooler should not be in use. Veal was cooked, and shredded cheese was discarded. Ensure that TCS foods maintain 41 F or less at all times., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1) At the cook station prep table, where breading for raw chicken and raw fish was sitting, an employee was also cutting onions, and a bag of fried okra was sitting here as well. Both okra and onions were removed. Also, at another prep table, a pan of cooked beef livers was placed on the table while raw beef livers, in box and on sheet pan, were both present. Beef livers were removed from table.  3-302.11 Packaged, 4-501.113 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Sanitization Pressure - The final rinse pressure gauge on the dish machine was reading 38 psi. Pressure on the hot water sanitizing rinse shall be between 5-30 psi, and operate per manufacturer use instructions (20-25 psi). Have this adjusted to ensure pressure is adjusted at minimum to 5-30 psi. Will return by verify by 5/30/2021. 4-703.11 Hot Water and Chemical-Methods - (B) The Dish Temp thermometer read maximum of 156.4 F in the dish machine after, 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - The TPHC log was filled out with temperatures taken by an employee, but several of the food temperatures were above 41 F. Additionally, no time was marked pertaining to the removal of products from cold holding, or if prepared, as per the TPHC instructions for each item. Discussed the issue with management and employee, and sheet will be redesigned to included dedicated spots for time marking.  3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Discussed proced"
KASH AND KARRY III	93.5	"2-501.11 Clean-up of Vomiting and Diarrheal Event - No bodily fluid clean-up plan present at facility. A written bodily fluid clean-up plan must be present that addresses the specific actions employees must take to minimize the spread of contamination and the exposure of employees, consumers, food, and surfaces to vomitus or fecal matter. CDI: Written plan provided., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment and shelving in rear of facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Some areas of wall in mop pit area and on door frame leading to rear area chipping paint. Tiles of mop pit cracked and damaged. Window in dry storage area broken. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Walls in mop pit area in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Pork chop and grits in hot service unit held below 135F. When held hot, TCs products smut be held at 135F or above. CDI: products discarded. All other TCS products hot held were above 135F today. Discussed possible use of TPHC for products with PIC., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw pork stored directly above smoked sausage, raw sausage stored above cut potatoes, and raw sausage stored directly contacting hot dogs. Foods must be stored according to ready to eat status and safe minimum cook temperature to prevent cross contamination. CDI: Items moved to correct storage locations. Discussed storage of raw animal products with PIC. Storage order chart provided."
KASH N KARRY 1	85.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Singe service cup used as scoop in potato salad and scoop for sugar stored with handle contacting product. Hot water for utensil&#39;s on stove top at less than 135F. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevent product contamination. When utensils are held in water, water must be minimum 135F or flowing at sufficient velocity to flush food particles. CDI: temperature of water increased., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Ground surrounding outdoor grease receptacle observed with black accumulation. Keep all &amp;#x0D;outdoor refuse areas clean. 5-501.11 Outdoor Storage Surface - Concrete pad for stored outdoor grease receptacle not continuous, Grooves in pad prevent provision of area that is smooth and sloped to drain. Provide surface that is smooth, durable, and sloped to drain., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting -  6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting in fryer area at 23-44 foot candles (ft-cd), 12-20 ft-cd at range top, and 19-35 ft-cd at flat top. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in all food handling areas.  6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee cell phones stored on box of single service wax papers in service area. Store all employee items in designated areas.   6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Ventilation in c, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving throughout facility, cooking equipment, cold prep unit, hot box, and prep tables in need of cleaning. keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Potato salad in walk in unit and chicken salad in main prep unit cooling in deep plastic containers with tight fitting lids. Gravy and pork loin cooling in ice baths, but products sitting directly on top of ice in baths and not submerged. Pork loin and gravy cooling at insufficient rates. Effective cooling methods must be sued to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: correct ice baths provided for pork loin and containers vented., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Metal pans and containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils smut be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Times not documented for banana pudding, beef sausage, and ham hocks held on TPHC. When TCS products are held on TPHC, times must be documented. CDI: times documented., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee don hair restraint with gloved hands and return to food handling without changing gloves and washing hands. When engaging in activities that potentially contaminate the hands, hands must be washed. CDI: employee washed hands and changed gloves. Employees washed hands following correct procedure today., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Fries, potatoes wedges, and BBQ chicken in hot service box held below 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: Fires and wedges voluntarily discarded and chicken reheated ion rear oven., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Metal pans and containers on clean equipment storage area observed with food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: items placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again."
KASH N KARRY 11	86.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, shelving in rear storage area, and hot service unit in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed in rear of facility since previous inspection., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, and ceilings throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean. Some areas of physical facilities have been cleaned. Continue cleaning measures., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Outdoor grease receptacle observed with black accumulation on top and concrete base. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean., 5-103.11 Capacity - Quantity and Availability - Hot water system not providing hot water at required capacity to hand sinks and 3 compartment sink. Hot water provisions reached a maximum temperature of 80F throughout observations of water system. Hot water generation and distribution systems shall be sufficient to meet the peak hot water demands throughout the establishment. Verification required. Will verify by 2/17/2022., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Single service styrofoam cups used as scoops in dry good containers. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: cups removed. Facility has provided scoops with handles for some containers. Provide utensils with handle in all food products with utensils stored inside., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Cl sanitizer for wiping prep top held above 200 ppm Cl. Sanitizers must be used at correct concentration to prevent chemical hazard. CDI: Sanitizer remade at 100ppm., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Continuers of buttermilk with expiration date of 1/18/2022 (observed 2/7/2022) stored in walk in unit. Food shall be kept safe and free from spoilage. CDI: product discarded., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sinks not provided hot water at minimum 100F. Hand washing sinks shall be provided hot water at minimum 100F., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cooked chicken and potato wedges in service unit held below 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: Potato wedges discarded and chicken reheated to minimum 165F., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - IN walk in unit, raw sausage stored directly on top of cooked pork products and above containers of whole muscle pork products. butter in reach in unit stored in container of raw shell eggs. Foods must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination. CDI: items moved to correct storage orders and areas."
KASTURI INDIAN CUISINE	94.0	"2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Employee with beard observed handling food without restraint. When handling food, hair must be effectively restrained., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some metal bowls observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that prevent promotes effective air drying., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at hand sink in bar area at 1-3 foot candles (ft-cd). Provide at least 20 foot candles of light in all hand washing areas. Lighting in main cooking area at 13-33 ft-cd and 3-9 at bar ice machine. Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas.  6-304.11 Mechanical - Ventilation - Vents in kitchen and prep areas in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean.  6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Loc, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving, cooking equipment, storage containers, seasoning containers, and handles of utensils in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some plastic containers and metal bowls in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Items placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cooked potatoes and cooked chicken above fill line in small prep unit and one container of cream in main prep unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: Products in small preps unit moved to walk in for cooling and cream discarded. Significant improvement to cold holding observed since previous inspection."
KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN #080063	95.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - The three cooling green bean pans were in the walk-in cooler were in plastic containers, with lids covering them, and stacked atop one another. Discussed rapid cooling methods, such as loosely covering them, or adding ice as ingredient. Discussed also placing cans in the walk-in cooler to cool prior to opening. Ensure TCS foods are cooled rapidly using rapid cooling methods., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Three containers of green beans were sitting inside the microwaves at the preparation area, and were 55 F and 50 F. Another container was sitting behind a biscuit box, and it was not recognized by an employee that it was present; product was 44 F. No employees could describe who put them here, or how long they had been here. Manager discarded them. Ensure that TCS foods are maintained at 41 F or less., 3-504.14 Cooling - Three containers of green beans were processed from ambient temperature this morning, and an employee confirmed products were processed at 9:06am today. All three containers were 50-44 F. Discussed cooling parameters to cool these products from ambient temperature from 70 F - 41 F in four hours or less. Products were removed to discard., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Several utensil storage pans had date marking label residue on them, and some still had labels on them. Discussed removing them to rewash after pre-cleaning is finished at the 3-compartment sink. Ensure that foreign material is removed from utensils to ensure they can be properly sanitized across all surfaces."
KFC 080056	97.0	"4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed wire racks and wire basket with food debris stuck on them in the clean dish shelving. Stack of pans had some white food residue in between them in this area. CDI - dishes moved to 3-comp sink for cleaning."
KFC 080060	97.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shall be cleaned at a frequency that prevents the accumulation of soil residues.  At the customer and drive thru drink stations there is buildup around the nozzle areas.  Gaskets on Traulsen upright freezer and multi do, 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - Handwashing sinks shall be provided with hand soap for cleaning.  Hand washing sink near the rear walk in did not have soap. PIC restocked soap supply, CDI., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be cleaned as often as necessary to keep them clean.  Kitchen, Front counter, dish room, walk in cooler and freezer floors need cleaning.  Sweep and mop these floors."
KICKBACK JACK&#39;S  42	95.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors and walls in various areas throughout kitchen to remove build-up. Ensure equipment is being moved and cleaned behind. Physical facilities shall be maintained free from build-up.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Sheet metal on outside of walk-in cooler is curling off wall. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact portions of equipment: gaskets of refrigeration and framing of refrigeration. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Observed slide door and top lid to dumpsters open, keep doors closed unless actively discarding trash.  5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Observed build-up on cement around dumpsters, have area cleaned to to remove build-up. Area shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed a few plastic food containers with debris inside them and observed metal pans stored clean with debris and grease residues throughout them. Ensure inside and outside of food containers are properly cleaned to remove all residues before storing clean. All dishes found were moved to dish area during inspection to be re-cleaned. CDI.  4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment - Ensure insides of microwaves, 2-301.15 Where to Wash - Observed employee with gloves on directly handle raw steak for chilly cheesesteak, employee did not take their gloves off or wash their hands. Employee works with raw and ready to eat foods. Ensure after directly handling raw meats, employees shall take their gloves off and wash their hands. Employee did so during inspection. CDI."
KING&#39;S DELI	97.0	"3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - At the prep unit alfalfa sprouts (45 F) and sliced cheddar cheese (43-45 F) were out of temp today.  Quiche that uses eggs as main ingredient was being held in pastry display case at 78 F.  CDI, PIC placed alfalfa sprout that were being stored on top of prepped items above unit fill line was placed at bottom of unit to be cold held.  Cheddar cheese and quiche was voluntarily discarded.  Quiche is cold hel"
KNIGHTS INN	93.5	".1824(e): Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Refrigerators need some cleaning on shelving and along gaskets in rooms 163 and 143., .1826(f): Physical facilities shall be kept clean and in good repair. Floors need cleaning in all rooms behind beds and dressers. Debris is accumulating along the walls in the rooms. Debris, cigarette ashes, chewed gum seen in rooms today on floors.  .1826(f): In rooms 143, 163, and 103, seal the holes in the walls in the bathrooms so that they are smooth and easily cleanable. Room 143 has large holes around the shower curtain rod mounts. Room 163 has wall damage along floor molding. In room 103, .1825(e): Dumpster doors must be kept closed when not in use. One side door open today on the garbage dumpster., .1826(h): Furnishings shall be kept clean and in good repair. Dresser drawers in rooms 154, 163, and 103 need cleaning today to remove debris. Old receipt found in dresser drawer in room 103. Be sure housekeeping cleans out furniture drawers."
KYOTO JAPAN INC.	90.0	"6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee coats and possessions were being stored on top of food containers.  Keep all employee items stored in designated areas to prevent contamination., 4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - Establishment does not have a probe tip thermometer.  Thermometer needs to be readily accessible to accurately measure food temperatures.  Will return to verify location has a thermometer., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Plastic containers stored clean on dry rack are wet stacked.  Allow dishes to dry before stacking., 7-207.11 Restriction and Storage - Medicines - Closed packages and containers of employee medicine were being stored together on shelf with food items.  Keep medicines and other chemicals stored away from food to prevent contamination.  Items were removed.   7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Container of hand sanitizer was stored on top of food prep area.  Keep all chemicals stored away from food, single use items and clean equipment.  Hand sanitizer was moved., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed to remove buildup on grill and fryer equipment in kitchen, and storage racks in walk in and service areas.  Chest freezer needs cleaning to removed food debris and buildup along tracks and glass surface.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw Ready To Eat (RTE) fish stored above ready to eat sauces, pan of raw RTE fish stored on top of unwashed produce, plastic container stored above RTE items had sealed packages of cooked and uncooked fish stored together.  Arrange food items so that raw animal food are stored below RTE items and food that have lower cook temperatures to prevent contamination.  Items moved to proper storage., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cooler on right at sushi bar was holding potentially hazardous foods above 41 F (Tuna 45F, Crab 43F).  The door to unit was slightly opened and seems to slightly misaligned when closed.  REHS thermometer verified ambient temperature at 38 F.  Potentially hazardous food must be kept at or below 41 F.  Employee trained to make sure door is closed to prevent cold air loss.  After 40 mins items are cooling an"
LA CABANITA MEXICAN RESTAURANT	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to handles of reach-in freezer and door to remove build-up. Ensure nonfood contact surfaces are cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Chlorine sanitizer in dish machine tested below 50ppm chlorine. After priming the sanitizer line and re-running the machine the sanitizer tested at 50-100ppm chlorine. Ensure chlorine sanitizer tests between 50-200ppm in machine. CDI.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed mechanical mixer stored on clean storage r"
LA CASETTA	97.5	"4-501.18 Warewashing Equipment, Clean Solutions - There was no dish detergent in dispensing container connected to dish machine today. Ensure soap is dispensing when using dish machine. Owner said he will buy detergent today before machine will be used., 3-305.12 Food Storage, Prohibited Areas - Observed boxes of food on flooring in walk-in freezer. The owner says they&#39;re having trouble sourcing certain foods so when they find them they buy extra and do not have enough storage. Foods in refrigeration shall be stored 6&quot; off the flooring., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Observed bottles of disinfectant that is used to clean customer tables labeled &quot;sanitizer.&quot; They tested at 400+PPM quaternary ammonia. Re-label bottles used to clean tables &quot;Disinfectant.&quot; PIC pulled all bottles and will make labels today. CDI."
LA PLACITA II	93.0	"3-302.11. Observed improper food stacking in refrigeration. Observed raw chicken and eggs above lettuce in one cooler and raw chicken stored above salsa in another cooler. Employee re-arranged the food items, I showed employee stacking guidelines they had taped to their cooler. CDI, 3-501.14 Cooling - Observed large containers of bistec ranchero, cosdillas puerco, and barbacoa that was cooked and cooled the night before at 46-48F. They were all reheated to &amp;gt;165F and cooled in smaller portions. I recommend only filling metal containers 3-4&quot; full when cooling., 2-301.14 When to Wash, 2-301.15 Where to Wash - Observed employee rinse/wash their hands at the 2 compartment sink. She was instructed to wash them at the hand sink, she did so with the correct procedures. Employee went from handling food to rinsing dirty dishes at 2-compartment sink and did not change gloves or wash their hands. Instructed employee that when they change tasks while wearing gloves they shall take them off, wash their hands properly, and put on new gloves., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC of kitchen did not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification."
LA RANCHERITA	92.0	"6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - Remove the equipment outside the back door, such as the freezer. Remove these items to prevent accumulation of rain water and harborage for insects and rodents.  5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Provide a lid for the trash can at the back door that does not have one. 6-202.110 Outdoor refuse Areas, Curbed and Graded to Drain - The area by the back door is pooling grease from cleaning fryers. Water is pooling around the vegetation and, 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Two large plastic containers of cooked salsa for chips from the previous evening were cooling in the walk-in 2 overnight, and neither container cooled rapidly due to the large size, and the covers from plastic lids. Discussed using rapid cooling methods, including wands, and the freezer. Also, deep stainless steel pans of pico de Gallo at the Guac. station were prepared and cooling with covers. Use additional methods, such as loose covers, to allow rapid cooling., 3-501.13 Thawing - A frozen bag of cooked pork was placed on the salamander above the cook line to thaw, and the product was 80 F. Product was immediately reheated in a pan on the stove. Ensure TCS foods that are cooked are not allow to thaw above 41 F, unless thawing is part of reheat process., 8 6-301.14 Handwashing Signage - Handwashing signs are missing from bar hand sink, and from hand sink at expo/dish machine area. A handwashing sign was provided. 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying towels were available at the hand sink at the bar. Towels were replaced. Keep hand towels available at all hand sinks to ensure hands can be properly dried after handwashing., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - A tube of construction sealant was sitting about the tortilla warmer at the expo station, and among storage of food containers. Tube was discarded. Keep products with chemical ingredients stored away from food preparation and storage areas., 3-504.14 Cooling - Two large plastic containers of salsa cooling in the walk-in cooler 2 were cooked and cooled beginning from the previous evening. Neither had been removed from the walk-in cooler since the previous evening, and both were 44-45 F. Discussed cooling from 135-41 F in six or less hours, and from 135 F - 70 F in two or less hours. Both were removed and discarded. Ensure TCS foods are rapidly cooled through this temperature range., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - A container of sour cream in the Hoshizaki cold prep unit was 44.6 F, and a container of shredded lettuce was 42 F. Lids were up on both units due to high volume, but air temperature of unit was 39 F. Encourage kitchen manager to keep lids down as much as possible to minimize heat influence from surrounding steam table and fryers/griddle. Sour cream was replaced, and placed in the freezer to cool. Keep TC"
LA RIBERA	90.0	"6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Observed employee drinks with lids/straws or sealable lids stored in areas above foods, clean utensils, and prep surfaces. Keep employee drinks stored down below these areas to prevent cross contamination in an event of a spill. All were moved during inspection. CDI., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed wet wiping cloths stored on the counters throughout the kitchen and wait staff area. Wet cloths shall be stored in a properly mixed sanitizer between uses. Cloths were discarded during inspection. CDI., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed cockroach between cardboard boxes inside of chemical storage room. Establishment shall be maintained pest free. Consult pest specialist to ensure establishment is pest free. Clean out the excess storage and cardboard boxes on the shelving in the chemical storage room, cockroaches are attracted to cardboard. This will remove harborage areas for them., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Observed small portioned out salsa containers and medium sized metal container of salsa being held on time as a public health control without time stamps on them. There was a sticker on the shelving time stamped for 11am-3pm but the salsa was in the reach-in cooler at that time at 50-60F. Ensure time stamps are being updated when food runs out. Also observed salsas that were time stamped for 11am-3pm not discarded at 3pm. All salsa was discarded during, 4-602.11(e)(4)(b) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed black build-up along the walls of the ice machine. The inside of the ice machine shall be clean frequently enough to be kept clean and free from build-up. Increase frequency ice machine is being cleaned. PIC turned off ice machine during inspection and will have it cleaned tonight., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Dish wash employee went from scrubbing dirty containers to putting away clean plates without washing their hands. Employee shall wash their hands before handling clean utensils. Cook grabbed raw beef from prep table and changed his gloves then started working with ready to eat foods. When going from working with raw to ready to eat foods employee shall wash their hands before putting on new gloves.  2-301.14 When to Wash - Continued: Both employees were corrected during i, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed containers of chicken, chorizo, cooked broccoli, and pork at bottom of prep cooler 2 at 46-48F. The thermometer at the bottom of the unit was reading 47F. All food at bottom of unit was discarded. Food at top of unit was at 41-42F. PIC said they had the unit turned off on sunday when they were closed and they turned it back on this morning and it takes a long time to get to temperature.  3-501.16"
LAFIESTA MEXICAN RESTAURANT	94.0	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed wet wiping cloths on counter in kitchen and bar. Ensure wet cloths are being stored in a properly mixed sanitized between uses. All were put back into sanitizing solution during inspection. CDI., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed racks in walk-in coolers rusted and chipped. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair, have racks resurfaced or replaced., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed several containers of ready to eat TCS foods in walk-in cooler with todays date on them, PIC said they had not been made today and had been made on Sunday (3/6/22). Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being dated for the date they&#39;re being made and cooled down and used within 7 days. All containers of foods with improper dates were properly dated during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed guacamole, pico, shredded cheese, and shredded lettuce in toppings prep cooler at 41-45F. TCS foods shall be maintained at 41F and below. Unit is reading 34F on display and thermometer was reading 37F. Ensure only small portions are being used at top and lid is being closed as much as possible to ensure food is maintained at 41F and below. All were removed and chilled to 41F in freezer.  3-501.16, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee enter kitchen and put on gloves without washing their hands. Employee washed their hands in the bathroom but did not do so when entering kitchen. Ensure when entering kitchen employees wash their hands before handling food or put on gloves to handle food. Employee properly washed their hands after. CDI.  2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Observed employee wash their hands for ~5-10 seconds with soap then turn off the faucet with their bare hands. Ensure empl"
LAKEFOREST ELEMENTARY CAFETERIA	99.0	4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seals are still torn on cooler 1 and 2. Have repaired/replaced.
LAMS  GARDEN	96.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be cooled rapidly using effective methods. Observed noodles cooling at room temperature on sheet pans on the prep table. While parts of noodles were above 135F, some parts had begun to drop below 135F. CDI - noodles moved to walk-in to rapidly cool., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on sides of fryers and glass door reach-in, hood baffles and system, behind prep unit lid, inside prep unit, handles of prep unit, and on shelves in the walk-in where build up has occurred., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seal torn on the glass door reach-in and on right door of prep unit. Shelves in walk-in are chipping paint., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination. Observed container of raw chicken wings stored above raw shrimp in the walk-in cooler and unpackaged raw chicken stored above raw beef in the walk-in freezer on the speed rack. CDI - items rearranged. Follow storage order requirements for unpackaged foods in freezers."
LEES COUNTRY KITCHEN	91.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed inside of hot box, handles of freezer, on can rack, and on surfaces in walk-in cooler to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Floor tiling and walls in various areas are in poor repair. Have areas repaired. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under cooking equipment, counters, and prep cooler to remove build-up. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed wet wiping cloths stored on counters throughout kitchen. Ensure wet cloths are stored in a properly mixed sanitizer between uses. All cloths put in 100ppm chlorine sanitizer during inspection., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed bottles of odaban stored above cake containers in dry storage area. Keep chemicals stored in a manner that prevents contamination of food, utensils, and single-use items. Bottles moved to different shelf during inspection. CDI., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection does not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Racks rusting in dry storage and grease catch for flat top grill is leaking. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed shelled eggs sitting on counter across from flat top grill at 60F. Ensure shelled eggs are being cold held at 41F and below or implement a time as a public health control procedure for them. Discussed TPHC with owner and kitchen employee during inspection. Eggs discarded during inspection. CDI., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed live cockroach on side of metal shelving in kitchen during inspection. Establishment is being treated weekly for pests and observed traps/bait in various areas throughout kitchen. Continue to treat for pest, establishment shall be maintained pest free.  6-501. 112 Removing Dead or Trapped Birds, Insects, Rodents and other Pests - Observed dead cockroaches and insects on shelving under counters throughout kitchen, ensure dead insects are being removed."
LEMON GRASS	93.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Rice cooling in metal bowl tightly covered with small metal bowl. Rice not cooling at required rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: additional bowl removed and product loosely covered with plastic film. Improvement to cooling methods observed since previous inspection., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gaskets of main prep cooler torn and damaged. Gaskets do not provide effective seal of cold prep unit. Keep all equipment in good repair. Wooden handle of rice warmer listed on previous inspection has been replaced., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Walls in ware washing and coking areas and piping adjacent to hood in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces -Cold prep unit, outsides of storage containers, dry seasoning containers, and cooking equipment in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In walk in unit, raw shell eggs stored directly above produce and ready to eat foods. In main prep unit, raw chicken stored directly above sauces and ready to eat foods. Foods must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination. Corrected during inspection: items moved to correct storage orders."
LITTLE CAESAR&#39;S	91.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving, storage racks, pizza racks, cooking equipment, cold prep unit, and hot storage boxes in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Home use freezer in use for frozen products in rear of facility. Equipment  must meet NSF/ANSI certifications and be rated by manufacturer for commercial use. Cold prep unit listed on previous inspection has been repaired., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Some areas of floor and walls in nee of repair. Paper towel dispensers in restroom and at hand sink in kitchen area broken. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Walls and floors in need of cleaning throughout facility. Keep all physical facilities clean., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Time for cheese stuffed bread not documented. Cheese sticks held on speed rack outside of refrigeration on TPHC. When TPHC is used, times must be documented. CDI: time documented., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some utensils, containers, shakers, and shaker lids observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: Items placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Pizza slicers in main packaging area observed with debris. Per discussion with PIC, slicers have been in use since 11:00 AM (observed, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cheese and calzone cheese filling in bottom of main prep unit held above 41F. Per discussion with PIC, filling previously left out after use.  When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDIL all other TCS products in prep unit held below 41F. Cheese and cheese filling moved to walk in unit for cooling. Improvement to cold holding observed since previous inspection. Store TCS products in un"
LITTLE CAESAR&#39;S #2	93.0	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - One package of single service pizza boxes stored partially on floor in drive thru area. Single service articles must be stored at least 6 inches above the floor. CDI: boxes elevated., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying provisions provided in men&#39;s restroom. All hand sinks must be provided hand drying provisions. CDI: paper towel provided.  5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Observed employee fill water pitcher in hand sink of dough prep area. Hand sinks may not be used for any purposes other than hand washing. CDI: PIC discussed use of hand sinks with employee., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Plastic containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Shelving for storing clean equipment and utensils in need of cleaning. Equipment and utensils must be stored in a clean, dry location., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all ventilation systems clean.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee beverage stored with facility products in dough prep area. Store all employee beverages in designated areas., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Floors throughout facility in need of repair to repair cracked and damaged tiles. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, ceilings, and ceiling light fixtures throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Storage racks, pizza oven, prep unit, storage racks, pizza racks, prep tables, and shelving throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some containers in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: items placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again. Improvement to cleanliness of food contact surfaces observed since previous inspection."
LITTLE CAESARS PIZZA	90.5	"2-302.11 Maintenance - Fingernails - Employee working with food with fingernail polish and not wearing gloves.  Employee must wear intact gloves when they have fingernail polish or artificial nails.  Employee switched from directly handling food., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - The sanitizer buckets have visible floating debris and black buildup inside of them.  Sanitizer solution and buckets shall be maintained clean from food debris and buildup., 4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - Location does not have a food probe thermometer only a infrared thermometer.  Location needs to provide a probe thermometer for employees to accurately measure food temperatures., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods, 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors, walls, and ceilings throughout establishment (behind oven and under storage racks). Repair needed to baseboard coving in various areas throughout establishment. Caulking around 3 compartment sink is black/pink, have caulking removed and redone.  Wall across from walk in cooler needs repair to fix hole in wall., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - LIds on top of prep units are not attached and functional.  Bumper guard on walk in cooler door is busted and has a hole.  Replace stripping on walk in cooler door so that door seals fully. Racks throughout facility are rusted or starting to rust.  Equipment shall be smooth, easily cleanable, and in good repair., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC was not able demonstrate knowledge based on inherent risk to the food operation during the inspection.  PIC was unable to answer or provide information regarding TPHC process and frequency of cleaning food contact surfaces and utensils.  During inspection discussed proper procedures and items corrected during inspection., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Additional lighting needed at pizza oven where pizzas come out, it currently has 25 foot candles of lighting when it should be 50 foot candles. Ensure bulbs in light fixtures are functional., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed to racks throughout establishment (above prep, inside walk in, dish rack, speed racks and covers, etc), general cleaning on all non food contact surfaces of equipment throughout facility.  Keep all non food contact surface clean.  4-601.11 (B)- Significant baked on buildup on outsides of pizza and cooking pans throughout facility.  Keep all pizza and cooking pans free of buildup., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Dishes stored clean in dry dish area have dried food residue and greasy buildup.  Keep equipment and utensils clean to the sight and touch.  Dishes moved to sink to be washed.  Cleaning needed on can opener to remove black buildup.  Can opener moved to be washed., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Prepared pizzas in zone 3 and marinara sauce cups were not mark with time taken out of temperature control.  Location procedures states that marinara cups be marked and pizza timers be set.  Pizza and marinara cups were discarded by PIC."
LITTLE J&#39;S SUBS	92.0	"3-501.13 Thawing - Ham cubes thawing on counter top in open air on shelf above prep sink. Effective thawing methods must be used to limit pathogen growth and ensure safe product. CDI: Discussed thawing methods with PIC. Ham moved to walk in unit for thawing., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking area, cooking equipment, inside of prep units, outsides of some food storage containers, and shelving in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw shell eggs stored directly above produce and ready to eat foods in walk in unit. Foods must be stored according to ready to eat status and safe minimum cook temperature to prevent cross contamination. CDI: Raw shell eggs removed., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Some TCs products in front of prep unit and some TCS items in bottom of prep unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: unit capable of holding TCS products at 41F and below. Discussed keeping units closed and keeping products in refrigeration when not in use. Cheese sticks moved to freezer for cooling. All other TCS products above 41F left in unit for cooling."
LITTLE ROCKET	91.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed missing vent covers near fryers in kitchen, have vent covers installed. Ceiling shall be smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable. Observed square hole in walling at can wash area, have hole covered. Physical facilities shall be in good repair and easily cleanable., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed racks in external cooking room walk-in cooler heavily rusted. Have racks repainted or replaced so they&#39;re smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed large plastic containers of chicken salad (covered) in external cooking room walk-in at 58-60F. The chicken salad had been made ~ 1 hour prior. The chicken salad would not have cooled down to 41F within the next 3 hours in those containers. PIC plastic the chicken salad in metal pans and put them in the walk-in freezer and reach-in freezer to cool down, they cooled at the proper rate in these containers. CDI.  3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Food shall be cooled in, 4-502.13 Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Use Limitations - Observed single-use chili containers being re-used as multi-use containers. Containers are considered single-use items and shall not be re-used., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed comet cleaner, hot shot pest spray, sanitizing bottle, and degreaser stored above clean containers and lids in external cooking room. Observed sanitizer on counters around clean utensils and above prep sinks inside kitchen. Keep all chemicals stored down below prep surfaces, foods, and clean utensils to prevent cross contamination. All were moved during inspection. CDI.  7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed containers of chemicals that wer, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Hands shall be washed before handling clean utensils and before donning gloves to handle food. When going to external cooking room (have to walk outside to get to room) PIC started to grab clean scoops and containers of chicken salad before washing their hands. Asked PIC to wash their hands before handling the utensils and containers of food, PIC washed their hands correctly. CDI., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed containers of coleslaw, breakfast sausage, and soup that were not date marked. PIC said they were all made the previous day and will be used before saturday. If ready to eat TCS food is not used within 24 hours of making/opening from manufacture packaging it shall be date marked and used within 7 days. PIC date marked all containers of food during inspection. CDI."
LOGANS ROADHOUSE REST. #207	91.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: hood grates, racks inside walk-in refrigeration, inside seafood reach-in cooler, to handles of some reach-in refrigeration, and to hot box. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be free from build-up., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Observed ice scoop holders near ice machine with dust and debris built-up inside them. Ensure in-use utensils are being stored in a clean surface. Scoop and holders were removed and put at dish pit. CDI., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed diced lettuce in walk-in cooler cooling in large plastic containers. Lettuce had been prepped at ~11am and at 2:30pm they were at 44-45F. Containers were transferred to walk-in freezer and rapidly cooled to 41F before 3pm. Ready to eat TCS food shall not be above 41F for more then 4 hours. Ensure lettuce is being rapidly cooled. Recommend smaller portions or using walk-in freezer. CDI., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Additional lighting needed to clean drainboard at dish machine, area ranges from 8-35 foot candles and shall be 50 foot candles. Recommend replacing blown bulbs when found., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities throughout the establishment is in poor repair: wall damage, tile damage, etc. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors, walls, and ceilings throughout establishment. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up. Ensure equipment is being cleaned behind, wall and ceil, 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed spray bottle with clear solution inside of it without any labeling. Ensure chemical spray bottles are labeled with name of solution inside. Bottle emptied during inspection. CDI., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed dish employee go from loading dirty dishes to handling clean plates without washing their hands. Ensure before employees hand or work with clean utensils or food they wash their hands before putting on clean gloves. Employee put on gloves during inspection. CDI., 4-602.11(e)(4)(b) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Pink and black build-up observed inside of ice machine, ice machine shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up. Increase cleaning frequency.   4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed large plastic containers with old labeling stickers left on them. Ensure inside and outside of food containers are being cleaned to remove all residues. All were"
LONGHORN STEAKHOUSE 5231	93.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls in cooking, prep, and ware washing areas in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean. Repair listed on previous inspection has bee completed., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Meatal and plastic containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Multiuse forks and spoons stored uncovered in vertical container with food contact portions facing upwards. Utensils must be stored covered or inverted t, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, prep units, outsides of containers, shelving, overhead heating unit, and hot holding areas in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some plates, bowls, utensils, and containers observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Items placed in ware washing area for cleaning., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Most TCS products in top of main cold prep unit and milk washes in top portion of chicken prep unit held above 41F. Top portion of chicken prep unit not turned on and not providing refrigeration. Some TCS items in main cold prep unit holding 41F, but out compliance temperatures present in wide range of locations in top of unit. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below.  CDI: milk washes d"
LOOKATDATDER BBQ HOUSE &amp; CATERING	83.0	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Additional lighting needed throughout whole facility. More then half the lighting is not working. Lighting ranges from 10-20 foot candles at cook, prep, and warewashing areas. Lighting at these areas shall be 50 foot candles. Lighting at reach-in coolers is 5-10 foot candles and shall be 20 foot candles., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC shall be present and have managerial control over staff. When arriving to inspection PIC was not present and there were also several priority violations cited during inspection. Ensure employees are being properly trained., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Have damaged ceiling trimming above microwave and holes in ceiling. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under tables and cooking equipment. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be free from build-up., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed to shelving under steam wells, to hood system grates, and inside reach-in freezer. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed wet cloths stored on the counters throughout the kitchen, ensure wet cloths are stored in a properly mixed sanitizer between uses. Cloths discarded and sanitizer bucket made for new cloths during inspection. CDI., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - There were no single-use hand towels available in establishment when starting inspection. PIC brought paper towels to establishment ~15 minutes after I showed up. Ensure single-use hand towels are always available while food is being handled. CDI., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed cooked collards, coleslaw, cooked ribs, and potato salad that were not date marked in refrigeration. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being date marked if not used within 24 hours. All were properly dated during inspection, coleslaw was discarded. CDI., 3-504.14 Cooling - Observed baked chicken and rice in aluminum pans inside 2 door reach-in cooler at 45-47F. Both were cooked and cooled yesterday. Ensure foods are being properly cooled from 135F to 70F in 2 hours and 70F to 41F within 4 hours (cooled to 41 in a total of 6 hours). All chicken and rice was discarded during inspection. CDI., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handle his phone and then handling containers of food and clean utensils. Observed employee handle dirty dishes and then put on gloves to make lemonade without washing their hands. Before putting on gloves to handle food or clean utensils employees shall wash their hands. Employees shall wash their hands after handling their phone. Both employees were trained and washed their hands after. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed food containers and lids stored on clean storage shelving with grease and dried food residues throughout them. Food containers and utensils shall be thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues before storing clean. All were put at dish area to be washed, rinsed, and sanitized. CDI.  4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardnes, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed ground beef balls in gravy on steam well at 115-120F. Observed baked chicken on steam well at 110-120F. Hot held foods shall be maintained at 135F and above while hot holding. Baked chicken that was below 135F was pulled and whole container of beef balls were reheated to 165F in oven. CDI."
LOS CAMINITOS MEXICAN RESTAURANT	94.5	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - One light above prep sink not functioning. Lighting at rear of prep sink at 25-33 foot candles (ft-cd). Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Fan covers in both restrooms and air intake in beverage prep area in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling. PIC has taken safe food handler course since previous inspection. PIC much more knowledgeable of safe food handling practices during discussion. Discussed certified food protection manager requirement with PIC. Provided PIC with ANSI accredited CFPM course list., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Chip dispensers, cooking equipment, prep unit, shelving in walk in, and shelving in storage areas in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Container of expired buttermilk stored in cold prep unit. Buttermilk expired Feb 25, 2022 (observed March 3, 2022). Food shall be kept safe and free from spoilage. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Buttermilk discarded., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Ice machine in need of cleaning to remove pink residue on and surrounding hose. Per discussion with PIC, ice machine cleaned monthly. Ice machine shall be cleaned at manufacturer&#39;s specified frequency or at sufficient frequency to prevent accumulation.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Stone ware bowls and produce slicer observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfa"
LUNA PIZZA CAFE	95.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Observed build-up inside ice scoop containers at ice machine, drink station, and bar. In use utensils shall be stored on clean surfaces. All were pulled and cleaned during inspection. CDI., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at stove top and pizza prep top ranges from 25-40 foot candles. Lighting at food preparation surfaces shall be 50 foot candles, increase lighting., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: fronts/sides of refrigeration, cooking equipment, ice machine, dish machine, etc. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean and free from build-up. CDI., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Baseboard coving near wash basin of 3 compartment sink is coming off the wall, have baseboard coving reattached to wall. Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors and walls throughout the establishment. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean and free from build-up.  6-501.114 Maintaining Pre, 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed build-up on the backside of the slicer, food contact surfaces shall be thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues. Slicer will be fully cleaned and sanitized tonight. CDI."
M B GRILL	88.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Clean outsides of breader containers and the outside of the microwave., 3-501.12 Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Slacking - Slacking can be done in two ways: under refrigeration holding 41?F or below or under any temperature as long as the food stays frozen. Fries slacking under the steam table measured 52?F today. Fries were placed into the cooler to cool. 3-501.13 Thawing - Frozen foods can thaw under refrigeration, as part of the cooking process, or under cool, running water. Fish, pork, and chicken thawing in the prep sink, 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Wiping cloths can either stay dry or be held in sanitizer. Wet wiping cloth seen on steam table today. Recommend the use of a sanitizer bucket for towels., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Reattach the baseboard to the wall where it has detached behind fryers and under the 3-compartment sink., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria-Chemicals - Chlorine sanitizer shall be between 50 ppm and 200 ppm. Chlorine sanitizer measured 2000 ppm today. Bottle was corrected to 100 ppm. Be sure to use test strips to check sanitizer strength., 3-201.11 Compliance with Food Law - Food prepared in a private home cannot be offered for human consumption in a food establishment. Cake slices seen in dry storage. Manager stated she baked the cake at home and brought it in to sell. Discussed home cooking with manager. Manager stated she would take the cakes home., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Working containers of food shall be kept properly labeled. Containers of breaders not labeled today. Label the containers., 3-301.11 Preventing Contamination from Hands - There shall be no bare hand contact with ready-to-eat foods. Upon arrival, employee seen cutting onion without gloves on. Onion was discarded during inspection. Employee donned gloves., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Time/Temperature Control for Safety (TCS) foods held hot shall maintain temperatures of 135?F or above. Chili and burgers on the steam table not in temperature today. Items were reheated in the microwave and steam table was turned up. Be sure to have steam table turned on and in temperature before placing foods on it., 3-302.11(A)(2) Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw foods shall be stored separately from each other during preparation. Upon arrival, bags of fish, open package of pork butt steaks, and chicken legs in container of water all thawing in the prep sink together. Discussed separation by species and thawing these items by order of final cook temperature. Fish and pork were placed back into the freezer after manager stated she only needed the chicken. 3-302.11(A)(, 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - There shall be a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) available at all hours of operation. No CFPM available today."
M POURIUM	98.0	2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - Staff member present today for the inspection was not a certified food protection manager. At least one employee shall be a certified food protection manager and present at the establishment during hours of ope
MACGREGOR DOWNS HEALTH AND REHABILITATION KITCHEN	99.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry place, in water at or above 135F, or in foods with handles sticking out. Observed mold growth in the ice scoop holster attached to the wall. CDI - holster and scoop were removed for cleaning., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Mold growth visible on nonfood contact surface inside bulk ice machine. Cleaning needed on door seals of reach-in and hot box."
MADE WITH LOVE	98.5	"3-501.18 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Disposition. - Time/Temperature Control for Safety (TCS) foods opened or prepared in the facility must be sold or discarded within 7 days of opening or preparing. Garlic in olive oil in the upright reach-in cooler was dated 2/27/2021. Manager stated this should have been discarded the date it was used as they rarely use it again after cooking it. Garlic in oil was discarded during inspection."
MAGNUSON HOTEL GREENVILLE	82.0	".1824 (b) microwave in room 256 in need of cleaning and gasket on door in refrigerator in room 256 severely torn and tear has build of of food debris, microbial growth, and a cigarette butt. Equipment is to be kept clean and in good repair., .1825 (c) No hand washing sink present in laundry room where soiled linen is handled. A hand washing sink or a hand hygiene policy must be provided when handling soiled linen. .1825 (a) hot water at hand sink in room 256 at 90 degrees F. Hand washing sinks must have a minimum 100 degree F hot water provided., .1826 (d) lighting at hand sink in room 136 at 13-21 foot candles and lighting at 16 foot candles in room 256. Lighting in hand washing areas must be a minimum of 20 foot candles., 1827 (a) Litter and debris present on ground and on walk ways. Premises is to b e kept free of litter., .1825 (a) Dumper door open and no drain plug present. Dumpster must be kept closed when not in use and a drain plug must be in place. .1825 (e) outdoor waste containers by laundry facility are not covered. All refuse bust be stored and collected in covered receptacles., .1828 (c) Clean linen stored in boxes on the floor. Clean linen must be stored in cabinets or on shelves. .1828 (c) hard hat stored over clean linens in linen storage area. Area is to be used for linen storage only., .1827 (a) Storage rooms filled with furniture, equipment, and cardboard boxes. Maintain storage areas to prevent pest harborage areas., .1826 (h) Dressers in rooms 136 and 256 showing signs of wear and have knobs missing. Furniture is to be kept in good repair., .1828 (a) Sheets and mattress covers in rooms 136 and 256 stained, bed skirt on left bed in room 256 soiled, and two large holes in comforter on right bed in room 256., .1826 (i) One life cockroach found in refrigerator in room 136, one live cockroach on wall in room 256, and one dead cockroach found behind bed in room 256. Premises shall be kept free of pests., .1828 (f) Walls in rooms 136 and 256 showing signs of wear and paint peeling in several areas. Wall mounted light in room 256 not functioning. Filters missing in ac unit in room 256 and inside of unit dirty. Filters on ac unit in room 136 have sticky black residue on them. Outdoor vents on several ac units broken. Stairs peeling paint and exposed metal showing signs of rusting. All physical facilities are to be kept clean and in good repair"
MAIN &amp; MILL	93.0	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in walk in freezer provided at1-3 foot candles (ft-cd). Provide at least 10 ft-cd of light in all walk in areas.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents in some kitchen areas in need of cleaning. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Significant condensation leaks present from units in walk in freezer and walk in cooler. Keep all equipment in good repair., 3-307.11 Miscellaneous Sources of Contamination - Condensation from walk in unit observed leaking onto packaged food product sin walk in unit and ice build up from condensation leak in walk in freezer observed on some packaged products. Foods smut be kept safe from all potential sources of contamination. CDI: items in path of leaks moved to other locations., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Mashed potatoes, mashed sweet potatoes, and cooked asparagus in reach in unit cooling in containers tightly sealed with plastic wrap. Soup in ice bath cooling with insufficient ice and cooling at insufficient rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling, CDI: containers vented and ice added to ice bath., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Mechanical ware washing machine not providing Cl sanitizer at required concentration. Sanitizers must be used at effective concentration to ensure food contact surfaces are effectively sanitized. Sanitizer at 3 compartment sink provided at correct concentration. Use 3 compartment sink for ware washing until mechanical ware washing machine capable of providing sanitizer at, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Heat treated plant food stored in metal containers above fill lines of containers. Products in this area at 52-53F. When held cold, TCs products smut be held at 41F or below. CDI: item placed in lower section of prep unit for cooling. Discussed load/fill indicators of cold holding equipment with PIC. Facility using walk in unit primarily for beverages and product. Cut sprouts in walk in at 40-41F."
MAMA MIA&#39;S PIZZERIA AND RESTAURANT	93.0	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Gaskets are torn on the door of the single reach in refrigeration unit as well as the far left door (closet to the entrance) on the 3 door freezer unit. I was informed that new gaskets have already been ordered. Equipment and equipment components shall be maintained in a state of good repair and condition., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Squeeze bottles containing sauces were not labeled to identify the item. Food storage containers holding food items that are not unmistakably recognized such as dry pasta shall be labeled to indicate the item., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No one present today during the inspection was a certified food protection manger. At least one employee shall be a certified food protection manager and present at the establishment during hours of operation., 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - Multiple cooked/prepared/opened food items in the establishment were not marked with a date. Food items shall be marked with a date to indicate the date in which the food was cooked or prepared or opened if the food item is prepackaged such as ricotta cheese. Discussed with staff the need for datemarking and ensure that no food items were past expiration as food can only be held for a ma"
MARABELLA OLD WORLD PIZZA	93.5	"3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Today times were missing for cooked pizzas being kept out at room temperature on TPHC log.  TCS food that are removed from temperature control must be identified or labeled with the time it was removed from temperature control.  Pizzas were added to TPHC log.  PIC was not able to present written procedures for TPHC upon request.  PIC added written policy as a footnote on TPHC logs., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - In storage closet chemicals were stored above food items.  Keep chemicals stored away from food, single service and single use articles to prevent contamination.  Chemicals were removed., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cooked pasta at the make station was holding temperature between 46-50 F.  TCS food being held cold must be kept at 41 F or below.  Pasta was discarded.  Italian sausage on pizza line was at 41-43 F.  The container was sitting above refrigeration line.  Container moved to fit below fill line."
MARABELLA WINTERVILLE	96.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Ham in walk in unit cooling at insufficient rate. Product cooling in tightly sealed plastic container. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: Discussed cooling methods with PIC. Container vented for more rapid cooling., 4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - Wash solution for manual ware washing at 98F. No effective temperature listed on manufacturer&#39;s label of detergent solution. The temperature of the wash solution in manual ware washing equipment shall be maintained at not less than 110F or the temperature specified on the cleaning agent manufacturer&#39;s label instructions. CDI: hot water added., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Rubber gloves stored hanging on splash guard in hand sink for drying. Hand sinks shall not be used for any purposes other than hand washing. CDI: gloves removed., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Quat sanitizer in 3 compartment sink at less than 200 ppm. Sanitizer coming form wall mounted dispenser supplied at less than 200 ppm. Sanitizers must be used at effective concentration to ensure food contact surfaces are effectively sanitized. Verification required. Will verify by 1/10/2022."
MARATHON RESTAURANT	90.5	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the 3-compartment sink to remove general food debris and grime. Clean at least daily, and as often as needed., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - (C) Light at the oven and immediate right side table left of slicer was 45-30 ft-cd. Provide at least 50 ft-cd here. All other lights were repaired from the previous inspection., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the walk-in cooler floor corners and freezer floor of general debris. Clean Clean guard around slicer. Clean the grease from the rolling cart by the fry station. Clean interiors of unused equipment., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Refinish walk-in freezer and walk-in cooler doors with broken gaskets. Seal loose/rusty and bent floor panels in walk-in cooler and freezer. Refinish shelf that is rusting in back room.  4-502.11 (A) and (C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensils and Temperature and Pressure Measuring Devices - (C) The walk-in cooler air thermometer has the mercury splitting up. Replace this thermometer with one that properly functions., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - A spray bottle of cleaner/degreaser was stored on table next to the slicer. Also, a foam sealant spray can was stored at ice machine beside the ice scoop. Both were removed. Keep chemical products stored in locations that prevent contamination of equipment, utensils, and food., 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - No hand soap was available at the hand sink by the dish machine. Soap dispenser was but back together with soap in it. Ensure that soap is available at all times at handwashing sinks., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - The lid to the grease receptacle is open. Keep units closed, and keep trash and waste inside containers to minimize insect harborage points. 5-501.111 Area, Enclosures and Receptacles, Good Repair - The grease receptacle lid is broken. Repair to ensure lid can close the unit to minimize insect harborage., 6-201.16 Repair the outside overhang areas that are open to entry of insects and rodents. Wood pieces are missing from overhang, allowing access inside roof area.  6-501.11 Continue ceiling and wall repairs that are heavily peeling or chipping, in dining area, above walk-ins, in back prep area, dry storage room, above cold prep unit, and oven. Walls are peeling and cracking behind toilets in both restrooms and sinks. Ceiling is cracking in back prep area.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structur, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(4) No lids were available for the feta cheese, cut onions, and caramelized onions in the True cold prep unit. (A)(1) Also, a raw hamburger patty was stored in the True 2-door cooler on shelf with ketchup, gyro roll, and other TCS foods. Hamburger patty was removed. Ensure that raw animal foods are stored to prevent contamination of ready-to-eat food, and provide lids to cover TCS foods., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee used a bare hand to move a cell phone from a counter to the front POS Station, and then retrieved a glove to put on. When asked about the cell phone, the employee held up the other hand that had a glove on it. Inspection explained that hands are required to be washed after handling cell phones, or any potentially contaminated object. Employee washed hands."
MARIOS TACOS	97.0	"6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Large AC unit in rear of facility in need of cleaning. Keep all &amp;#x0D;ventilation systems clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Cleaning needed in cooler units to remove buildup off shelving and bottoms.  Exterior of cooking equipment has dried grease and food splatter.  Fans in food surface areas needed cleaning to remove buildup., 6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - Gaps present between wall and base coving strips in restrooms. Gaps &amp;#x0D;present exceed 1 mm (1/32 inch). Floor and wall junctures shall be coved and closed to no larger than 1 mm (1/32 inch)., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present today.  CFPM must be present during all hours of food prep and service."
MARISCOS LA TORAVA BAR &amp; GRILL	95.5	"5-103.11 Capacity - Quantity and Availability - Water heater was not able to adequately provide hot water throughout facility during inspection. Water at 3 compartment sink was 92-97F throughout facility. During inspection we found that 1 of the water heaters was turned off and PIC could not get it to stay turned on during the inspection.  5-103.11 Capacity - Quantity and Availability - Continued: Until the water heater can be fixed, until it is fixed water shall be heated in a pot on the stove, 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Observed scoop handle touching ice inside ice machine. Keep handles of utensils outside of foods while in storage. Scoop removed during inspection. CDI., 3-302.15 Washing Fruits and Vegetables - Observed employee cutting limes without washing them prior. Produce shall be washed before preparing. Limes were washed after being sliced. CDI., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed metal food containers stacked wet on clean storage rack. Allow dishes to adequately air dry before stacking them.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed clean utensil storage rack stored directly next to area where dirty dishes are stored before they are cleaned. Have backside of rack protected with a covering to protect the clean utensils. Observed ice w, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Observed employee filling up food container from hand sink, observed container being stored in hand sink, and hand sink being blocked by trash cans. Ensure hand sinks are only being used for hand washing and sink is easily accessible. Container was removed from hand sink and trash cans were moved. CDI., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed raw seafood and beef stored above cooked meats on speed rack inside walk-in cooler. Observed salad mix stored down below raw meat shelving in walk-in cooler. Foods shall be separated and stored by their minimum safe final cooking temperature. All foods were rearranged to the correct storage order during inspection. CDI.  3-304.15 (A) Gloves, Use Limitation - Observed employee that works the grill handle raw"
MARKS FOOD MARKET	92.5	"5-501.11 Outdoor Storage Surface - Dumpster observed stored on grass. Storage surface should be smooth, non absorbent and durable., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC was not able to demonstrate requirement of of this code.  Inspection had priority items out of compliance, PIC has not completed CFPM program, and unable to answer question regarding cold holding requirements of TCS foods., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No CFPM present during inspection today.  CFPM must be available during all hours involving food handling., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Cleaning needed for drink nozzles at beverage dispenser to remove significant buildup.  Keep all food contact surfaces clean to sight and touch.  PIC removed and clean nozzles.  CDI, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS food items held in the make station top and bottom were not being held at or under 41 F.  Sliced cheese (45F), Hotdogs (43-45F), and Smoked sausages (42-44F).  TCS foods that are being cold held must be kept at or below 41 F.  PIC voluntarily moved all TCS items from unit and relocated them to be cold held in walk in cooler. Facility has elected to only store non-TCS products in this unit until repair"
MARLBORO INN (THE)	93.0	".1825(c) - Must have a hand sink or preapproved hand hygiene program for washing hands with soiled linen and clean linen processing.  Laundry room has no hand sink.   The house keeps do wear gloves to handle soiled linen. Plan for hand hygiene program wearing gloves for soiled dirty linen and going to the bathroom handsink that is within 25 feet of the laundry room to wash hands.  Full Hand Hygiene program written.  Copy attached and one at facility., .1826(d) - Lighting must be 20ftc or more at hands inks in bathrooms and employee bathrooms.  Lighting below 20ftc at all bathroom hand sinks measured today., .1824(k) - Must have a test strip to test chlorine sanitizer for laundry and bathroom cleaning.  Chlorine test strips are white and you want  the strip to read 50-200ppm., .1826(f) - Keep facility clean and in good repair.  Paint chipping/peeling heavily in room 23 bathroom and space to right of handsink.  Room 41 and 45 has heavy build up in corners of dust/dead bugs from recent treatment of rooms.  Lobby carpet strip is fraying and loose at front door edge area., .1826 (c)(h) - Keep furniture in good repair and bathrooms cleaned and sanitized between guest.&amp;#x0D;Couch in room 41 with tears in seat.  Chair in room 45 with taped up tear in seat."
MARVEL&#39;S	94.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Raw chicken cooling in container with tight fitting lid. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: discussed use of effective cooling methods with PIC. Container vented for more rapid cooling., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Sandwich press, sandwich press tray, and storage cart in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC unable to demonstrate required knowledge or provide certification relevant to this code. PIC must demonstrate knowledge of all safe food handling and employee health practices., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage, 7-207.11 Restriction and Storage - Medicines - Employee medication stored on shelf above facility produce. Employee medications shall be stored in such a way that they do not pose contamination hazard to food or equipment., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Some products in meat prep unit and cheese in top of salad prep unit held above 41F. Chees in prep unit stored partially above fill line of container. When held cold, TCS foods must be held at 41F or below. CDI: cheese moved below fill line and left to cool. Meat prep unit left closed and ambient air temperature decreased to 38F. No significant signs of cooling observed during inspection. Verification req"
MAYFLOWER SEAFOOD	94.5	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Some single service containers observed stored uncovered with food contact portions facing upwards. Boxes of single service cups and containers stored directly on floor in storage area. Single service articles must be stored covered or inverted and a minimum of 6 inches above the floor. CDI: single service articles inverted and storage racks provided fro boxes on floor., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Inside of prep units, cooking equipment, hot holding equipment, and outsides of some containers in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed to prep units and some areas of cooking equipment since previous inspection., 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - No hand soap provided at hand sink in front service area near ware washing. Hand cleanser shall be available at all hand washing sinks. CDI: soap provided.  5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Bottle spout and cleaner container stored in hand sink in bar area. Hand sinks shall be used for no purposes other than hand washing. CDI: items removed., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Some tiles in kitchen area and near walk in freezer observed broken, damaged, or missing. Some areas of floor have large dips that hold standing water. Keep all physical facilities in good repair. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Flooring throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 3-304.13 Linens and Napkins, Use Limitations - Observed employee using linen cloth for removing excess grease from cooked fish in main service area. Linens may not be used in contact with foods unless they are used to line a container for the service of foods and the linens and napkins are replaced each time the container is refilled for a new consumer. CDI: fish discarded. Discussed contamination prevention with PIC., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Sweet potatoes in hot  holding area held at less than 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: Sweet potatoes reheated to minimum 165F."
MAYNE PHARMA CAFE&#39;	96.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed ground beef, sausage meats, and sausage gravy cooling in walk-in cooler with a sealed wrapping on them. Ensure containers of food are allowed to vent while cooling. All were vented properly during inspection. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed metal food containers stored on clean storage rack with food residues inside of them. Ensure food containers are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside of them before storing clean. All were removed and put back at dish washing area. CDI., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed half chub of ham that was dated for 2/14/22 and had not been discarded after 7 days. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are discarded after 7 days of making or opening from manufacture packaging. Ham discarded during inspection. CDI."
MAZATLAN  3	90.0	"7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Working containers shall be labeled with common name of chemical inside. Observed three chemical bottles at dish machine with no labeling. Observed sanitizer bottle with &quot;disinfectant sanitizer&quot; written on it. Ensure label is correct. CDI - chemical bottles labeled correctly. 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria-Chemicals - Chlorine sanitizer shall be maintained between 50-200ppm concentration. Sanitizer spray bottle on the line bleached out test strips. CDI -, 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept in good repair. Wall panel detached from wall behind ice machine. Several holes in wall paneling underneath handsink. Cracked floor tiles and baseboard tiles throughout kitchen and service area.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on floors behind/under equipment including ice machine throughout kitche, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - All equipment shall be kept in good repair. Repair/replace shelving in walk-in that is peeling. Walk-in cooler is not cold holding foods properly. Have unit repaired. White cutting board next to flat top is melted on the sides and is not in good repair. Ice machine is peeling and beginning to rust., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on door seals of each of the cold holding units, around prep top underneath lids, both shelving units next to kitchen handsink, shelving in the walk-in, and shelving in dry storage., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous foods shall be held hot at 135F or above. Queso and beans were below 135F on the steam table. PIC stated they are reheated on the stove and then moved to steam table. CDI - items reheated to 165F or higher and moved back to steam table., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw foods shall be stored according to final cook temperature and under ready-to-eat foods. Observed raw chicken and raw ground chorizo stored above raw steak in the prep unit. Unpackaged raw fish was stored above ready-to-eat foods in the reach-in freezer. CDI - items rearranged. Provided extra storage charts for each unit and training for raw animal food storage."
MCALISTER&#39;S DELI #1056	94.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths were being stored on top of sanitizer bucket.  Wiping cloths are to be maintained dry or kept in sanitizer solution at appropriate concentration.  Wiping cloths were added to sanitizer solution bucket., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning need in food service area to remove debris and buildup on green storage racks above make stations.  Cleaning needed to remove food debris on gaskets in food service area and bottom shelves of reach in coolers and make stations.  Cleaning needed to remove dust on walk in cooler fans.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods, 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Repairs need to fix broken tiles and missing grout along floor at 3 comp sink.  Wall in to go room needs to be repaired to fix corner edging and wall needs to be resealed so that it is smooth and easily cleanable.  Keep physical facility in good repair.  Cleaning needed to remove food and debris from floor in food service areas.  Ceiling tiles in kitchen needs to be cle, 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils, 4-602.11 (E) (4) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency -  Observed dried food debris on food contact surface of utensils and food containers.  Equipment shall be clean to sight and touch.  Items moved to dish area to be cleaned.  Cleaning needed in ice machine to remove dark buildup inside of ice bin and along tracks.  Increase the cleaning frequency of the ice machine to prevent soil accumu"
MCDONALD&#39;S # 07981	97.5	"7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored separately from food, single-use items, and clean equipment/utensils. Observed bottle of disinfectant stored with single-use lids in self service beverage station cabinet. CDI - bottle relocated to chemical closet. PIC discussed with employees., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored in a manner that prevents cross-contamination. Observed frozen, unpackaged raw burger patties stored above frozen, unpackaged raw fish filets in the Traulsen 2 door reach-in freezer. CDI - Fish filets moved to top of unit, above ground meat products. Left storage chart with facility. When frozen, raw animal products become unpackaged, foods shall be stored in correct order."
MCDONALD&#39;S # 13081	96.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - The sausage burritos in three plastic bins in the Beverage Air 4-door cooler were covered with lids, stacked atop each other. Discussed using rapid cooling methods to cool these products., 3-504.14 Cooling - In the Beverage Air 4-door cooler, three bins of sausage burritos that were wrapped this morning between 7:30am - 8:45am were 45 F - 47.7 F. The products were wrapped more than 4 hours prior to temperature checking. Products were pulled and discarded. Discussed cooling these items in the walk-in cooler instead of here. Ensure that TCS foods prepared at ambient temperatures cool to 41 F within 4 hours of preparation., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Rail cooler, a container of sliced cheese was holding at 44-52 F. Product was removed and placed in the walk-in cooler. If products are stored here, ensure they maintain at 41 F or less."
MCDONALD&#39;S # 32385	97.0	"3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Creamer (43-46) in dispensers on the front line and drive thru temperature were above 41 F.   PIC discarded the remainder of creamer pouches and started using prepackaged individual cups CDI.  TCS foods that are being cold held must be kept at or below 41 F., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Items that were being held for time were not properly labeled.  Label machine was printing incorrect times for all items.  PIC stated they would have label machine fixed and would manually write correct times for TPHC items until fixed.  CDI.  Ensure written procedures are being followed in the food establishment."
MCDONALD&#39;S # 3819	96.5	"3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - TPHC times for foods at room temperature were for a 5 hour holding time. The current procedures are written for 2 hour holds on the lettuce, tomatoes, onions, american cheese, and 4 hours for rehydrated onions. All labels were hand written for the correct discard times during inspection.  CDI. You can adjust procedures to allow 4 hours for all these items., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee go from washing dishes to burger line to cook burgers without washing their hands. Employees shall wash their hands immediately before engaging in FOOD preparation including working with exposed FOOD, clean EQUIPMENT and UTENSILS, and unwrapped SINGLE-SERVICE and SINGLE-USE ARTICLES. Employee was instructed to wash their hands during inspection and did so correctly. CDI."
MCDONALD&#39;S #11395	95.5	"3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Observed containers of shredded lettuce on sandwich prep line past their 2 hour time stamp. Per TPHC procedures shredded lettuce shall be discarded within 2 hours of removing from refrigeration. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed food containers and lids that were cleaned during inspection and stored clean with food residues left on them. Observed several containers and lids with old date mark stickers and residues. Ensure containers and lids are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside. All were put at 3 compartment sink to be recleaned. CDI., 3-504.14 Cooling - Observed container of rehydrated onions in walk-in that were made at 9am (checked at 3pm) at 56F. Rehydrated onions shall be cooled down to 41F within 4 hours of making. Recommend using cold water and allowing container to vent while cooling. Onions discarded during inspection. CDI."
MCDONALD&#39;S #27496	98.5	"4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Nozzles of customer self service drink dispenser observed with build up. All food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Nozzles removed and cleaned."
MCDONALD&#39;S #32445	98.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Gravy in walk in unit cooling in tightly covered container. Gravy observed with no significant change in temperature after 25 minutes of cooling. Effective cooing methods must be used to ensure effective cooling. CDI: discussed use of more effective cooling methods with PIC. Container vented fro better cooling during inspection., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Container of liquid egg on counter top held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: Container discarded by PIC."
MCDONALD&#39;S #35270	94.0	"2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Employees without hair restraints were handling food on the sandwich line. Ensure employees who handle exposed food wear hair restraints. 2-303.11 Prohibition-Jewelry - Two employees were wearing either watches or hair bands on the wrists while preparing orders. Employees who handle food shall only wear a plain ring., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Fix broken tiles in can wash where concrete is exposed. Repair tiles broken on wall in the walk-in freezer., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - (B)(3) As inspector finished washing hands at dish area hand sink, an employee was observed finishing using a broom to clean, and placed it next to 3-compartment sink, and then walked to the front fry station, and was observed shaking fry baskets. Employee stated they washed hands, but inspector following employee after they finished cleaning. Discussed with employee, and General Manager coached employee through handwashing procedure.  2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure -, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - The creamer bag in the SureShot dispenser was 48 F. Bag was discarded, and the unit turned off. Unit will not be used until it can be verified as to holding TCS foods at 41 F or less. Ensure that TCS foods are maintained at 41 F or less at all times."
MCDONALD&#39;S #35270	95.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (E) The ice scoop had microbial growth on the holder. Both were washed. (A) Also, an employee dumped cooked hash browns onto a pair of tongs, and the hash browns were touching the handle. Tongs were removed. Ensure that in-use utensils are stored so the handle portion does not touch food, and the scoops are stored in clean locations., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the scale from the dish machine interior, including the bottom, on the jets, and sides., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the dust from the front counter equipment, including the McFlurrie machine, coffee machines, etc. Clean spills from top of the Taylor soft serve machine. Clean the Beverage Air cooler undercounter unit in the back, and coolers at the front with spills. Clean the food debris from the Traulsen freezer., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Employees without hair restraints were handling foods, such as cooking fries, portioning sandwiches, and other tasks. Ensure employees who handle exposed food wear hair restraints., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand towels were located at the hand sink by the dish machine area. Towels were replaced. Keep hand drying towels at all hand sinks to ensure hands can be dried after handwashing., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Beverage Air 4-door cooler, a container of liquid eggs and a package of folded eggs were 50 F and 44 F, respectively. Both were likely left out of temperature control, during a spill of grease. In the Franke milk dispenser, milk was 45 F. Product was removed and discarded. Temperature was lowered on the machine. Ensure TCS foods are maintained at 41 F or less at all times."
MCDONALD&#39;S #4755	96.5	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Observed several stacks of single-use articles that were unwrapped and facing upwards. Ensure single-use articles are being kept protected by inverting or covering. All inverted during inspection. CDI., 3-504.14 Cooling - Observed rehydrated onions in walk-in cooler at 44F and were time stamped for 5:20am (current time was 1:30PM). Rehydrated onions shall cool to 41F within 4 hours of making. Recommended using cold water from soda machines to rehydrate onions in future. Onions discarded during inspection. CDI., 4-602.11 (e)(4)(b) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed ice bin at drive-thru with black build-up along the inside walls and a few of the soda nozzles had build-up on them at the customer self-service soda machines. Ensure these are being cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up. I recommend putting them on a cleaning schedule."
MCDONALD&#39;S 13081	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the mildew from the cooler gaskets at the front beverage station, and mold inside the cooler as well., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - (A) A can opener next to the grill station had apparent grease collecting on the housing blade. Equipment was not used today. Can opener was removed to clean. Keep food-contact surfaces clean, and clean after use."
MCDONALDS  4755	94.0	"4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: gaskets of refrigeration units, inside of refrigeration units/freezers, on and around equipment at drive-thru area and on top of ice cream machine. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Observed employees directly handling exposed foods without hair restraint or with a improperly used hair restraint. Ensure employees with long hair pull their hair back when wearing a hat. All employees put on a hair restraint and adjust their hair during inspection. CDI, 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed burritos cooling inside of two door glass cooler that get&#39;s opened and closed frequently. Ensure foods are not being cooled in high-use refrigeration units to ensure they&#39;re being rapidly cooler. Observed dehydrated onions being cooled in container with sealed lid. Vent lid of containers of cooling food to allow food product to rapidly cool. CDI, 2-301.15 Where to Wash - Observed employee on grill line grab raw burger patties with a gloved hand and take the parchment paper between the patties off with his barehand. Observed employee on cook line push loose trash inside trash can down with his gloved hands and change gloves without washing their hands. After contaminating your hand/lower arm by touching raw meat or possible other contaminants in trash can employee shall wash their hands before returning to food handling. Both washed hands, 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Observed sliced cheese at sandwich prep line with a discard time of 9:30AM and it was ~10:15AM. All cheese was discarded and replaced and correct time stamps were put out. Ensure when cheese is being replaced the time stamp is being replaced as well. CDI"
MCDONALDS #32445	97.0	"6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - Soap dispenser at hand sink near ware washing area. Hand sinks must be provided hand cleanser. Corrected during inspection (CDI): batteries replaced and hand soap now provided., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Gravy in walk in cooler not cooling at required rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling and removal form temperature danger zone. CDI: gravy separated into two more shallow containers partially uncovered., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Lettuce and rehydrated onions in main prep area observed held past discard time on label. When held on time as a public health control, products must be discarded when time expires. CDI: discarded."
MCDONALDS #7981	98.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Wet wiping cloths shall be stored in sanitizer in between uses. Observed wet wiping cloth on prep sink and on ice cream machine. CDI - cloths were moved to sanitizer bucket., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept in good repair. Repair/replace the broken and missing tiles on the wall in the mop sink closet next to the self-service drink machines. Ensure outside door on walk-in freezer shuts properly to prevent ice build-up on wall/floor next to outside door., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on door seals inside reach-in refrigerators, cold drawers, and reach-in freezers. Also the reach-in freezers need to be cleaned of spilled food debris. Cabinets underneath drink cups near computers have debris build-up and a food spill. Cabinets underneath self-service drink machine also have debris and spills."
MCDONALDS 11395	92.5	"4-603.16 Rinsing Procedures - Observed employee washing dishes and putting them directly in the sanitizer after washing them. Ensure dishes are being rinsed after washing to remove any loose residues before putting into sanitizer solution.  4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Observed build-up and grease residues on the sanitizer compartment while the dishes were being cleaned. The 3 compartment sink shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean and at least every 24 hours, 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Ensure employees with long hair keep hair pulled up even with a hat on. Employees shall use effective hair restraints while around food., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Observed wet cloths stored on counters throughout kitchen when starting inspection. Observed two sanitizer buckets that tested at 0ppm chlorine. Ensure wet cloths are stored in a properly concentrate sanitizer between uses or discarded. CDI., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Caulking on backside of 3 compartment sink is in poor repair and allowing water to get under it. Have caulking redone so that the gapping between the 3 compartment sink and wall is smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under cooking equipment and fryers to remove build-up. Physical facilities shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to gaskets of refrigeration, inside reach-in coolers, on door framing of refrigeration, on fronts/sides/tops of equipment, and on cup holder on ice cream machine. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Observed no time stamps on cheese or canadian bacon when starting inspections. Ensure foods that are being held on time for TPHC are being time stamped when removed from refrigeration. Cheese was time stamped and canadian bacon was discarded. CDI., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed old sticker residues on food containers and lids that were stored clean. Observed old food residue inside scoop that was stored clean. Food contact surfaces shall be thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues and shall be clean to sight &amp;amp; touch. All were put at 3 compartment sink to be cleaned. CDI.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Observed to-go ice bin and ice bi"
MCDONALDS 14191	96.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Observed wet wiping cloth sitting on counter and sanitizing bucket that tested at 0ppm chlorine. Sanitizer shall be maintained at 50-200ppm chlorine and wet cloths shall be stored in sanitizing solution between uses or discarded. CDI., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand towels at drive-thru hand sink and back drive-thru hand sink. Ensure all hand sinks have hand towels available at all times. CDI.  5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Observed trash can blocking access to hand towel dispenser at front drive-thru, keep hand sinks accessible. CDI.  6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - Observed soap dispenser at hand sink at sandwich line that was not working. Have dispenser repaired or rep, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Observed black build-up along the inside of the ice bin at the front drive-thru. Ice bins shall be cleaned often enough to be kept clean.  4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Two grill press sheets were stored on clean storage rack with build-up along them. Utensils are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all food and residues before storing clean. Sheets were discarded during insp"
MCDONALDS 32385	96.5	"4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Single-use articles shall be stored in a clean, dry location. In the dry storage room, condensation is building up on the ceiling and leaking onto single-service articles below. Boxes of single-service articles were moved to get away from the overhead leak., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Clean cooler door gaskets throughout the facility. Some cleaning needed on shelving holding clean dishes to remove food debris, inside of the upright reach-in behind to registers to remove spill, around the lamps of the french fry warmer, and in the 1-door reach-in under the coffee drink dispenser to remove mildew and water buildup., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand sinks shall be equipped with paper towels. Both hand sinks had paper towels jammed inside and were unusable. Dispensers were reset and paper towels were able to be used. Ensure that employees are able to dry their hands by keeping paper towels accessible., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Plastic trays and fry scoop found with food and/or grease residue today. Items were taken to the 3-compartment sink to be rewashed. Ensure that items are washed in hot water to break down the grease."
MCDONALDS 3819	99.5	
MCDONALDS OF AYDEN 27496	97.5	"5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Rear hand sink faucet has leak in base of water outlet and cold water knob of 3 comp sink have leaks. Keep all plumbing in good repair., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Sliced tomatoes and shredded lettuce in small cold prep unit held above 41F. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below. CDI: Air temperature thermometer in unit indicated air temp of 38F after adjustment by PIC. Cooler capable of cooling products and holding at 41F or below. Products left in unit to cool."
MCDONALDS OF FARMVILLE 30836	90.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Observed all buckets of sanitizer at 0ppm chlorine when starting inspection and debris inside the buckets. Ensure sanitizer buckets are changed often enough so that the solution stays clean and at 50-200ppm chlorine. All buckets were remade to 100ppm chlorine during inspection.  3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Observed wet wiping cloths on counters in various locations throughout kitchen. Wiping cloths shall be stored in sanitizer water between u, 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Observed employees directly handling food without hair restraints on. Food handling employees shall wear effective hair restraints (hairnet, hat, visor)., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - New caulking needed on backside of 3 compartment sink, it&#39;s turned black and uncleaned. Have caulking removed and new caulking done. Physical facilities shall be easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under cooking equipment and on the walling near the tea maker. Physical facilities shall remain clean and free from build-up., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed a large amount of flies throughout establishment. Have pest specialist treat for flies and be vigilant with pest control., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed all food in 2 door drawer cooler at 50F, creamer in large creamer dispensing machine at drive-thru at 52F, all bags of mocha at in mocha refrigerator at 50-53F, creamer in small creamer dispensing machine at 48F, and extra bag of mocha in 1 door cooler at drive-thru at 50F. All the items in these units were discarded and they will be time stamped for 6 hours and discarded after 6 hours until, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handling clean utensil and package of food touch their hair and not wash their hands after. After touching your hair you shall wash your hands before handling food or any clean food utensil. Employee was instructed to wash their hands during inspection. CDI., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - Dish machine tested at 0ppm chlorine. There were no sanitizer pellets in the machine at the time and the PIC could not find any to refill it. They shall manually sanitize all dishes inside the 3 compartment sink until sanitizer is reading 50-200ppm chlorine in dish machine. CDI.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Observed build-up on the w"
MCGREGOR DOWNS HEALTH AND REHABILITATION CENTER - (Lodging)	96.5	".1318 (a) Toilet tissue was observed stored on the floor in one of the closets and other patient care items. Patient care items shall be stored at least 8 inches above the floor., .1312 (b) In the spa hallway bathroom located on the hall with Pantry 1 the wooden storage cabinet that is kept locked for the chemicals is loose from the wall and slides across the wall. Fixtures and furnishings shall be kept clean and in good repair. Fixture shall be secured to the wall., .1320 (c) The sanitizer bucket tested low at 100ppm in the first pantry kitchen. Discussed allowing the cloths to soak in the sanitizer before being placed in the bucket when they are filled in the morning and setting a frequency to have the buckets refreshed. Quat sanitizer solutions shall be between 200 and 400ppm."
MI CABANA	93.5	"2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Two employee drinks were sitting on the prep table with tortillas, spices, and plates, and one drink did not have a lid. Both drinks were removed. Keep employee drinks covered, and keep drinks stored in locations that prevent contamination., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the pre-clean sink and 3-compartment sink of food debris, soap, and general grime and buildup. Clean these areas at least daily, or at least every 24 hours., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Tables are rusting under the work tables by the back door, and for chemical storage. Racks in the M3 3-door cooler are rusting and peeling the coating. Racks in the walk-in freezer are rusting. Refinish to make smooth and easily cleanable. Gaskets on the grill cooler are broken/missing on both drawers. Walk-in cooler door panel is bent, exposing insulation., 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics-Indoor Areas - Ceiling tiles at the bar area are absorbent. Replace with non-absorbent tiles. Also, seal the wood panels behind the warewashing sink at the bar. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean around exhaust fan at dish area to remove grease from fan and wall. Clean pooling water on floor in worn grout areas. Clean wall under the 3-compartment sink, wall around the dish machine and warewashing sinks. The ticket holder at Expo is dirty. Clean, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1) In the M3 3-door cooler, a pan of raw tilapia was stored on top shelf with chilis rellenos, and pan of raw ground beef was stored next to raw fish. Horchata and salsa containers were stored on bottom shelf below all the raw animal foods. Raw animal foods were reordered. In the walk-in freezer, a box of raw bacon was stored above cooked lamb and pork loins. (A)(8) In the walk-in cooler, unwashed produce items, 3-301.11 Preventing Contamination from Hands - Employees were using bare hands to perform food handling tasks, such as cutting lemon wedges, handling tortillas, and tacos. Discussed with employees methods of handling, such as tongs, to prevent handling with bare hands, as well as public health reasoning. Employees stated that no gloves were available at this time. During inspection, gloves were received, and employees began using them. Employees shall use methods to handle ready-to-eat foods wit"
MI CABANA	93.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Racks in the walk-in cooler and the air dry rack have rusting, and are peeling. Gaskets are torn or smashed on the ServWare Grill cooler., 4-204.112Temperature Measuring Devices - Functionality - An air thermometer was missing from the Beverage Air salsa cooler. Ensure air thermometers are present in all coolers and freezers to ascertain the air thermometer., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand drying towels were missing from the front hand sink. Towels were replaced. Ensure hand drying provisions are maintained at hand sink at all times., 4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment - Two microwaves were not cleaned from the previous day, and had dried food debris in them. Ensure microwaves are cleaned at least daily., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Alto-Shaam, a pan of chicken on the bottom was as low as 122 F. The whole chicken pan was removed to reheat, and reached at least 181 F. Ensure TCS foods remain at 135 F or higher at all times."
MI CABANA #3	98.0	"4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Observed white chest freezer being used that has &quot;for household use only&quot;. Equipment shall be used in accordance with the manufacture&#39;s intended use., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed opened gallon jug of milk at bottom of prep cooler without a date mark. PIC said it had been opened on the previous friday (3 days ago). Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are dated if not used within 24 hours of making/opening from manufacture packaging. Milk dated during inspection. CDI."
MI CABANA #9	96.0	"4-101.11 Characteristics - Materials for Construction and Repair - Cardboard box used for storing tortillas in main prep area and fried tortilla storage container lined with grease stained paper towel. Equipment used that contacts food shall be constructed of materials that are smooth, durable, and easily cleaned., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Tongs used fro raw animal products in grill cooler stored with handles contacting product and multi-use glass used as scoop in sugar container in bar area. In use utensils smut be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, underside of cooking unit, cold prep unit, shelving throughout facility, and baffles of hood in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Containers of bleach stored directly on top of canned food product sin outdoor storage area. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food and equipment. CDI: Bleach removed., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Hand sink in bar area used for dumping of beverages. Ice and residual beverage present in hand sink. Hand sinks shall be used fro no purpose other than hand washing. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Discussed use of hand sinks with PIC."
MI CABANA EXPRESS &amp; CANTINA	92.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Dishes stacked wet. Allow dishes to dry before stacking. Corrected during inspection. Dishes allowed to dry., 5-402.13 Conveying Sewage - Drain under 3 comp sink observed with standing water. Odor observed.  Not draining properly. Person in charge stated it was slow and lead to the grease trap. Will return to verify compliance., 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - Rice in walk in cooler and cheese in prep unit not date marked. Ensure food is properly date marked. Corrected during inspection. Food discarded., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Ice in ice machine observed with top portion missing and ice exposed. Debris observed inside ice bin on ice. Brooms and mop heads in close proximity to open portion of ice machine. Keep food protected from contamination. Corrected during inspection. Food discarded., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Queso observed at 97 - 127 degrees F at service line. Ensure food is maintained at 135 degrees F or above. Corrected during inspection. Cheese reheated., 6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability, 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Hand sink blocked by trash can near the ice machine, cups observed inside bar hand sink and observed food employee pouring chemical solution in hand sink by cooking area. A hand sink shall be accessible at all times and only used for hand washing. Corrected during inspection. Trash can relocated and pitcher removed. No paper towels at hand sink. No soap at t"
MI CABANA MEXICAN RESTAURANT #7	94.0	"5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Accumulation of grease observed on outdoor receptacle and on ground surrounding receptacle. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean and free of debris., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Inside of overhead food heating unit, rears of fryers, and inside of beverage station cooler in need of cleaning. keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed to cooking equipment and under flat top since previous inspection., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Bowl used as scoop in large flour container in dry storage area. Scoop handle in dry rice container stored with handle contacting product. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment -  Door of microwave broken and handle of microwave door missing.  Some plates in in clean utensil and equipment observed with chipping and cracking along edges. Keep all equipment in good repair 4-101.11 Characteristics - Materials for Construction and Repair - Cut tortillas for tortilla chips stored in cardboard box previously used to hold whole tortillas without original plastic. Cut tortillas stored contacting exposed cardboard of box. F, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw shell eggs stored above ready to eat foods in walk in unit. Foods must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status. CDI: eggs moved to correct storage location., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Observed employee wash hands for insufficient quantity of time. Employee scrubbed hands under running water, removing soap during hand washing. Employee turned off faucet using clean bare hands at conclusion of hand washing. Effective hand washing procedure must be followed to ensure hands are thoroughly cleaned. CDI: Discussed cleaning methods with PIC, PIC discussed hand washing procedure with employee and employee washed hand following correct procedure.   2-301."
MICHAELANGELO&#39;S PIZZA &amp; SUBS	93.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning to floors and walls throughout facility. Ensure floors and walls behind equipment is being cleaned to remove build-up. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: on front/sides of equipment and inside hood system. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Observed chlorine concentration in spray bottle labeled sanitizer at 200ppm+. Ensure chlorine sanitizer is being maintained at 50-200ppm chlorine. Bottle emptied during inspection. CDI., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Observed pizzas in display case past their 4 hour discard time and pizzas in unit that have been made and not time stamped with the picks used to indicate the time they were cooked. The pizzas past their 4 hour mark were discarded and the others were properly time stamped. Ensure TPHC procedures are being followed. CDI., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed chicken, mozzarella cheese, and diced tomatoes in small one door cooler at 51-53F. Unit was reading 48F. TCS foods shall be maintained at 41F and below. All foods discarded inside unit. Do not use unit until it&#39;s repaired and maintaining food at 41F and below.  3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Pizza sauce was sitting out at room temperatu"
MICHAELANGELOS  PIZZA	92.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed salads in reach-in glass cooler at 60F and observed large container of lettuce in walk-in at 65F being cooled with lid sealed. Use rapidly cooling equipment while cooling food and allow larger containers to vent while cooling. Salads moved to walk-in and lid on lettuce was vented. CDI., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Tiling along wall under 3 compartment sink is missing and baseboard coving missing on walling near 3 compartment sink. Have both repaired so that flooring and walls are easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under sinks, counters, refrigerators and cooking equipment. Ensure equipment is being moved to clean under and behind. Physical facilities shall be, 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: fronts and sides of pizza oven and fryers and inside bottom of pizza prep cooler. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept free from build-up., 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Observed employees with facial hair longer then 1/4&quot; working with food. Employees with facial hair longer then 1/4&quot; shall wear beard guards., 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Glass door reach-in cooler is labeled for use for only non-potentially hazardous bottle or drinks. Salads, cheesecakes, and shredded cheese being stored inside unit.  4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Gaskets on pizza prep cooler are torn badly and need to be replaced. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed white containers used to hold dough that had pink and black build-up along the corners of them. Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch when being used. All the dough was put in clean containers during inspection and dirty containers were put at 3 compartment sink. CDI.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Observed black build-up on walls of ice machine. I, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed cheesecake in reach-in glass cooler at 49F and shredded cheese at 48F. All opened potentially hazardous food was discarded from unit. Prepped salads that were done ~1 hour early were transferred to walk-in cooler to cool. Unit is not approved for potentially hazardous food, do not use unit for salads, cheeses, butter, cheesecakes, etc. CDI 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Ti, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee go from making pizzas to working with deli sandwiches without washing their hands. They did put on gloves but they had flour build-up all over their lower arms. Observed employee handle raw beef and not wash their hands and change their gloves before handling a ready to eat sub. Sub was discarded. Employee was instructed to wash their hands. CDI.  2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee use paper towel to wipe their face off after washing their hands a"
MICHAELANGELOS PIZZA	92.0	"6-403.11 Designated Areas-Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking/smoking - Designate employee food area. Observed employee drink stored with facility drinks in reach-in.  6-305.11 Designation-Dressing Areas and Lockers - Designate area for employee possessions. Observed cell phone on prep table across from glass door reach-in., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored with handles sticking out of foods. Pizza sauce scoop in walk-in was slightly in pizza sauce., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on shelving beside pizza oven, in walk-in, underneath back prep area with microwave, and where ticket machine sits. Cleaning needed on door seals of both prep units, one door reach-in cooler, reach-in freezer, and walk-in. Cleaning needed inside bottom reach-in freezer where a lot of food debris has built up, underneath grill where food and dust has built up, and hood system where grease and dust ha, 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Equipment and utensils must be air dried after sanitizing and before stacking. Observed some plastic dishes wet stacked on clean dish shelving., 4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Single-use items shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination. Single-use items above sandwich prep unit are stored with food contact surfaces facing up. Invert single-use items while storing., 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - All food employees must wear hair restraints. No employees wearing hair restraints/beard restraints when needed. Obtain appropriate hair/beard restraints., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name. Observed three spray bottles without labels. CDI - all bottles labeled. 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Chemicals shall be stored in a manner that cannot contaminate food or single-use items. Bottles of bleach and dish detergent stored on ice machine. Spray bottle of bleach water (&amp;lt;200ppm) hanging on can rack with cans. CDI - chemicals relocated., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Potentially hazardous foods shall be held cold at 41F or below. Salads in reach-in cooler above 41F. Unit reads 42F.  CDI -Turned unit down, possible defrost cycle. Only hold salads for a total of 4 days until unit can hold food at or below 41F. Move salads to prep unit or walk-in if no change occurs., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - In-use food contact surfaces must be cleaned at least every 4 hours, as often as needed to prevent accumulation, and at the end of use for the day. Slicer had dried food debris on blade. CDI - slicer cleaned and sanitized."
MICROTEL INN AND SUITES	94.0	".1824 (j) Establishment needs to obtain a thermometer to be placed in the backup fridge in the laundry room where extra food items are stored that cannot fit in the pantry and also obtain a small diameter probe thermometer to check food temperatures of items such as the milk, cream cheese spreads, and butter etc., .1823 (b) Boxes of bananas were stored on the floor in the pantry room. Discussed with manager the need to have food items at least 6 inches above the floor. The ice dispenser are being cleaned once a month but the ice dispenser on the 3rd floor has some mold accumulation so discussed cleaning the units at least twice a month with the manager., .1827 (g) In the storage closets on the floors single use articles such as soaps, shampoo, conditioners, toilet tissue were stored on boxes on the floor. These items should be stored in a manner to prevent contamination., .1826 (h) Room 312 has scratches/grooves on the inside surface of the tub. This room in a wheelchair accessible room and the scratches likely came from the shower chair but it leaves a groove that could harbor bacteria. Room 206 has staining on the cushions of the pull out bed and the shower head also needs cleaning from calcium buildup and pink mold.  in Room 321 the mattress pad was torn on the bed located closet to the window. All mattress pads/covers shall be in good repair. All rooms had mi"
MIDTOWN #2	91.0	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the 3-compartment sink of grease and debris. Sink had not been used today., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Trash container is too full to close. Trash containers must be closed to minimize insects and rodent harborage., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Several live cockroaches and flies were seen in food service area, including one falling from the ceiling. Work to eradicate insects from this establishment., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Repair the missing ceiling tile by the hood. Repair hole in wall in restroom at the toilet paper holder. Repair partial wall corner pieces that are broken or missing. 6-201.11 Floors, Walls and Ceilings - Cleanability - Repair the walls in the restroom with plaster and make it smooth and easily cleanable., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - A sanitizer-labeled bottle was more than 200 ppm chlorine. Bottle was remixed to 100-200 ppm. Ensure sanitizer bottles are maintained with adequate sanitizer concentration., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager was on duty. Provide a CFPM on duty when establishment is preparing and serving food., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - A package of turkey barbecue was not dated with date of opening in the Max cooler. Employee did not know when it was opened. Ensure TCS foods are labeled with date of opened. Product was discarded."
MIKES DELI	90.5	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the food debris from the clean drainboard of the 3-compartment sink., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Grease is collecting on the sides of the worktop unit where frying occurs. A storage rack in this area also has some grease collecting on it.   Clean inside the cold prep unit that is not used., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Wet wiping cloths were sitting on the prep counter and on the prep area on the ServWare cold prep unit. Towels were removed. Keep wet towels stored in sanitizer buckets between uses to prevent contamination of equipment and utensils., 6-501.11 Repair broken tiles throughout kitchen area, and repair holes and weak subfloor areas. Provide a smooth, easily cleanable surface. Refinish counter areas and shelves that are chipped and broken next to slicer area, front counters, prep areas, and ice machine. Refinish edges of counters that are chipping or cracked. Seal gap in wall frame around oven and around cold prep unit to seal exposed wood. Baseboard strips are loose in back room and men&#39;s restroom.  6-501.12 Clean the floor throu, 6-304.11 Mechanical-Ventilation - A fryer with cooking oil was sitting on a work table, as well as under a cabinet where falafel balls are fried. No hood is provided. Mechanical ventilation shall be provided for venting grease vapors.  6-303.11(C) Provide light at least 50 ft-cd over food prep areas; light is 10-25 ft-cd at fry area and adjacent prep counter, 30 ft-cd over cold prep units, 30-20 ft-cd at prep sink and drainboard, 18 ft-cd at ice machine, and 25-48 ft-cd at slicer counter to tea, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - The walk-in cooler was not holding TCS foods at 41 F or less, and all TCS foods checked were 52-47 F. Air temperature was 50 F. All of the TCS foods were discarded that were not prepared today. This included a container of falafel in the Tyler cooler that came from the walk-in cooler. Technician recharged the freon during the inspection, and approximately 1.25 hour after inspection began, air temperat, 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - A bottle of WD-40 was sitting on the shelf above the slicer and cutting board. Bottle was removed. Keep chemical bottles stored off equipment and preparation surfaces to prevent contamination., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Repair peeling coating on metal shelves in the walk-in cooler, and cold prep units. Repair the gaskets that are torn on the walk-in cooler door and Delfield cold prep unit. During inspection, the walk-in cooler was not effectively holding TCS foods at 41 F or less. Air temperature was 50 F. Technician came during inspection, recharged the freon. Ensure that equipment can maintain 41 F or less at all times. 4-205.10 Wood shelves in the walk-i"
MING DYNASTY	92.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - TCS foods shall be cooled rapidly using approved methods. Eggrolls tightly wrapped cooling in the walk-in at insufficient rate. Cooked zucchini and cooked noodles cooling at room temperature on the cook line. CDI - eggrolls vented, noodles and zucchini discarded., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Prep table shelves and storage shelves by back door and in the walk-in freezer are rusty and in need of resurfacing or replacing. Resurface dirty dish table at dish area to facilitate cleaning. Reach-in freezer and Pepsi reach-in cooler door seals are torn., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Floor tiles broken in front of the bar handsink.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed of splatter on the walls behind cook equipment and around the dish washing area. Standing water on the floor behind the rice cooker on the cook line., 3-303.12 Storage or Display of Food in Contact with Water or Ice - Unpackaged food shall not come into direct contact with undrained ice. Broccoli cooling in undrained ice in a large plastic container on the cook line. Recommend using a strainer for this cooling method. 6-404.11 Segregation and Locations - Distressed Merchandise - Distressed merchandise shall be stored separately from facility food for discard or return to distributor. Observed a few dented cans on can rack in storage room. Obse, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on rice cooker and rice warmers, underneath prep tables on the shelving, shelving in walk-in cooler and by the back door, along door seals of the line reach-in, inside the prep unit and inside the reach-in freezer. Hood baffles and system have a white substance covering entire system that needs to be cleaned., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination. Raw beef stored above cooked shrimp in the prep unit and raw beef stored above noodles in the walk-in cooler. CDI - items rearranged. New storage chart provided."
MOE&#39;S SOUTHWEST GRILL	98.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Light cleaning needed inside the reach-in at the far end of the serve line and around prep top lid of the to-go prep cooler. Remove water from inside of serve line reach-in. Much improvement from last inspection., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - TCS foods shall be cooled rapidly using approved methods such as loosely covering cooling products. Observed large plastic container of diced tomatoes cooling with a tight fitting lid in the walk-in. CDI - tomatoes vented. Leave lid cracked or off completely during cooling process to allow cold air flow around the product., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored in foods with handles extending out of foods. Chip scoop on the serve line had handle contact some of the tortilla chips. Portion cup stored in a spice container with food. Do not store portion cups in food as they do not have a handle to prevent contamination. CDI - items adjusted and removed."
MOLLY&#39;S COMMUNITY CAFE	98.0	"4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Clean utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry place. Observed debris in clean utensils containers next to 3-comp sink. Have these cleaned out regularly to prevent build-up., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on sides of flat top grill, inside one door reach-in where eggs have spilled and dried, and on shelving in the walk-in where microbial growth is present."
MOORE&#39;S BBQ	95.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - In the True cooler, three pans of barbecue were cooling, and were in shallow pans without loose covers, but a pan of barbecue cooled from 46.9 F - 45.7 F in 23 minutes, for a rate of 0.06 F/minute. Discussed stirring product as it cools to allow heat to escape product. Cool TCS foods at rate of 0.12 F/minute of higher., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wiping cloths that were either damp of wet were sitting on the steam table at the serve line, adjacent prep table, and other tables, including the banana pudding processing station. Also, one sanitizer bucket measured less than 50 ppm chlorine. Bucket was changed. Ensure sanitizer is maintained at required concentrations, and ensure wet or damp cloths are kept in sanitizer buckets between uses., 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Some employees were handling exposed food, such as plating, cooking, and other tasks, without hair and beard restraints, and with long hair loose hanging from under the hair restraint. Employees who handle exposed food shall wear hair restraints and beard restraints to cover exposed hair., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1) In the Continental cooler at the fry station, a container of raw oysters was stored on the top shelf above bags of slacking fries. Oyster bucket was moved to the opposite side of the cooler with raw seafood items. (A)(4) In the Continental cooler, a contaienr of hot dogs, and some raw food containers, did not have lids. In the True cooler, cooling barbecue pans without overhead protection were also not loosel, 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - (A) Several cleaned pans on the clean storage rack had greasy film on them. Pans were removed to rewash at the 3-compartment sink. Ensure that all food debris is removed from utensils during washing to ensure sanitizer can effectively work on the utensil surface."
MOZINGO RD FOOD MART INC	94.5	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at small dry storage shelving in back storage is 2 foot candles and lighting in far back dry storage shelving is 4 foot candles. Increase lighting in both storage areas to at least 10 foot candles., 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Two door beverage cooler and one door beverage cooler observed with containers of food inside them. These coolers are designed for pre-packaged and bottled items only per manufacture., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed containers with old date marks that PIC had refilled without wash, rinse, and sanitizing. Container shall be wash, rinsed, and sanitized before refilling after 24 hours. Cheese and tomatoes in old containers were discarded. CDI.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed build-up under the lips of the metal pans. Food containers shall be thoroughly cleaned inside an, 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed containers of sliced tomatoes and cheese dated for 12/27/21 and should have been discarded on 1/2/22. Both containers of food were discarded. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are discarded after 7 days of making/opening. CDI."
MUSCLE MAKER GRILL	95.5	"4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (A)(4) The food thermometer was stored in the holder, and had food debris on it, and well as on the holder. Thermometer was cleaned. Ensure food thermometers are clean before used and prior to storage., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - A container with raw ground beef chubs was placed on the prep sink while cooked beans were cooling in ice. Ground beef chubs were moved to another sink. Ensure raw animal foods are separated from cooked food during preparation. 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1),(8) In the walk-in cooler, a container with cooked turkey meatballs was stored on the same shelf with raw"
NEW BEGINNING/SHAZAM COMMISSARY	99.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning is needed inside reach-in freezer unit to remove spills and debris., 6-501.12 Cleaning Floors, Dustless Methods - Cleaning is needed for floor at kitchen, including under upright freezer unit."
NEW CHINA	94.0	"4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Keep dishes stored in clean location.  Racks above sink with dishes dirty.  Pan stored on top of hose holder on rack., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Use approved cooling methods.  Some improvement seen in this area still from the past. Keep up the work.&amp;#x0D;Use thin not very full containers, do not fill food so deep and thick even in smaller containers.  Keep lid loose and a vent on some section when items are cooling.   3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Shrimp and chicken in smaller containers but still packed thick inside with lids fully covering items.  Not meeting cooling rate.  Cooked at 11:45/12pm.  Moved to freez, 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Keep sanitizer buckets labeled.  Container of sanitizer not labeled in back. CDI. Labeled., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non-food contact surfaces clean.  Gaskets need cleaning throughout, sides of sink splash guards need cleaning.  Racks throughout near kitchen sink areas need cleaning., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Keep foods stored based on storage order and covered with lids.  &amp;#x0D;Pan of sauce in WIC and 2 items in 1 door cooler not covered.  CDI.  Covered.  &amp;#x0D;Sealed beef from factory whole beef for personal use above some sauces that will be reheated.  Discussed moving around some personal item area a spot had been placed with personal stuff area which was made from last inspection note."
NEW CHINA	91.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Use approved cooling methods.  USE small thin metal pans, DO NOT fill foods to the top of deeper pans. DO NOT cover any pans fully with plastic when they are cooling. Leave the lids or plastic wrap vented partially so that hot air can get out of the cooked foods and cold air from the cooler can get inside to the food and help cool foods down fast enough. CONTINUED - Foods have 2 hours to get from 135F to 70F and then 4 hours from 70F to 41F or less.&amp;#x0D;Must meet bot, 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Keep foods safe for being contaminated/adulterated.  &amp;#x0D;A pan of cooked pork was cooling on a drain board of a prep sink. Raw shrimp was in a draining pan on the side of the drainboard with raw shrimp water running over the drainboard under the pork pan.  Pork pan was placed into the walk in cooler with raw shrimp water on the bottom of the pan.  Raw shrimp water dripped from the bottom of the pan onto eggs rolls on the rolling cart benea, 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Keep all bottles of chemicals/cleaners labeled.  3 bottles not labeled.  Always label containers with anything they have inside. CDI. Labeled., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Keep food contact surfaces clean and sanitized.&amp;#x0D;Establishment has a 2 comp sink. Establishment was not sanitizing dishes after washing and rinsing based on employee discussion about method/process and sanitizers.  CDI.&amp;#x0D;Discussed proper method and made sanitizer with chlorine at 100ppm.  Discussed water level being high enough to submerge pans in sanitizer.  CONTINUED - WHAT TO DO - Wash dishes in c, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation, 3-304.11 Food Contact with Equipment and Utensils - Keep foods stored protected when in coolers with lids/plastic wrap/some for of protective cover.&amp;#x0D;Do not let foods touch the outside of containers.  Do not place containers directly onto exposed foods.&amp;#x0D;Many items throughout in multiple areas not covered.  CDI.  Covered items.&amp;#x0D;Single use cup in noodles holding food and pan sitting on washed peeled onio, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Keep cold held foods at 41F or below.  Do not leave foods sitting out.  Do not over fill containers with food.  &amp;#x0D;Top prep unit pork was over filled.  Smaller pan of lettuce left out on a cart. Items moved to bottom prep unit to cool., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure, 2-301.15 Where to Wash - Must only wash hands at hand sinks. Do not wash hands at any other sink. Do not just rinse off hands at any sink.&amp;#x0D;Wash at a hand sink with soap and water and scrub hands then rinse with water for a total of 20seconds or more at a hand sink.  Use a towel to turn off the faucet. Do not use a clean hand to turn off the faucet,  Get the paper towel from the dispenser before washing hands or use an elbow.  CONTINUED - What was seen -  Employ"
NEW CHINA	81.0	"2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Observed employee without hair restraint during start of inspection, employee put on hat when I entered facility. Food handling employees shall wear hair restraints while handling food., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand towels available at front hand sink when starting inspection and hand towels at back hand sink would not come out of dispenser. Towels were moved from back hand sink to front hand sink during inspection and towels were brought by employee to establishment during inspection. Have back hand towel dispenser repaired or replaced so towels dispense. CDI, 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under counters, racks, and sinks inside establishment. Equipment shall be moved and cleaned under periodically. Additional cleaning needed to ceiling to remove dust build-up. Physical facilities shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed small metal containers being stacked wet, allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them.  4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed metal skewers stored on top of smoker that has grease build-up on it. Keep skewers stored in clean area between uses., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Observed knife stored between push cart and side of prep cooler and rice scoop being stored in water. Utensils shall be stored on visible clean and dry surfaces. Knife moved to cutting board and water emptied out of container rice scoop was in. CDI., 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces throughout facility: racks in walk-in, flooring in walk-in, outsides of dry storage containers, handles of refrigeration, inside reach-in freezers, on push cart beside prep cooler, dry storage racks, hood grates, etc. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 3-501.13 Thawing - Observed containers of chicken thawing in standing water during inspection. Foods shall be thawed in 70F or less running water, inside refrigeration, or as a part of the cooking process. The chicken was drained and put into walk-in cooler during inspection. CDI., 7-202.12 Conditions of Use - Bleach being used for food contact surface sanitized shall be approved for food contact surfaces. Manufacture labeling on bleach currently being used does not specify it&#39;s approved for food contact surfaces.  7-206.11 Restricted Use Pesticides, Criteria - Observed raid pest spray under register counter that is for household use only. Pesticides shall be used per the manufacture labeling, spray bottle discarded. CDI., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Observed shredded cabbage being held at room temperature during inspection. Shredded cabbage is a TCS food that shall be held at 41F and below. Cabbage discarded during inspection. CDI., 2-103.11 (A)-(L)Person-In-Charge-Duties - Person in charge with certified food protection manager certificate shall ensure duties A-L are being followed during operation. Several of these were out of compliance during today&#39;s inspection., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handle bowl with raw chicken juice on inside and outside of it then grab to-go containers to put cooked food inside without washing their hands. Containers were discarded and employee washed their hands before putting cooked food into containers. Trained employee on proper times to wash hands to prevent cross contamination. CDI., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Observed container being used to store cabbage and container to batter raw chicken wings with build-up throughout it. Ensure containers used to hold foods are being cleaned and sanitized daily or after all food is gone. Both containers looked like they had not been cleaned. Both put at 3 compartment sink during inspection. Inside of microwave needs cleaning to remove food splatter, microwave shall be cleaned daily.  4-601.11(A) Eq, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed container of raw chicken in 2 door freezer above raw shrimp, observed large bowl of raw chicken stored above bucket of raw shrimp inside walk-in cooler, observed container of raw chicken stored above precooked chicken pieces in small 1 door cooler. Ensure foods inside refrigeration and freezers are being stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperatures. Foods re-arranged to proper order during inspect"
NEW CONTENTNEA CREEK BARBEQUE	90.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed several stacks of metal and plastic containers wet. Allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Shelf where clean container lids are stored needs additional cleaning to remove build-up. Surface where clean utensils are stored shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Dry storage shelving and bottom shelving to prep table rusted, outdoor smoker and indoor flat top if rusted, and lid to ice cooler is damaged. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair.  4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Reach-in and chest freezers in outdoor storage are not commercial units. Food is being stored in ice box freezer. Freezers shall be commercial and used per manufacture intended use., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - PIC shall ensure duties A-P are being followed, several of these violations were cited during inspection. These are priority items that prevent foodborne illness. Educated PIC during inspection. CDI., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager -  PIC during time of inspection did not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certificate., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair -  Plumbing under prep sink is not connect and piping/sink in outdoor bathroom is leaking badly. Plumbing shall be in good repair., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods -  Floors, walls, and ceilings in establishment and outdoor cooking room are in poor repair in various areas (missing floor drain, broken/missing baseboard tiling, warped FRP on walling/ceiling, holes in walls, missing door framing, etc). Physical facilities shall be in good repair and easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring in back prep room under shel, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed containers of raw fish filets stored directly above cooked BBQ in reach-in cooler. Ensure ready to eat (precooked) foods are stored above all raw meats and raw meats are stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperature. BBQ stored above fish during inspection. CDI., 3-504.14 Cooling - Observed lima beans and baked chicken in reach-in cooler cooling for ~4 hour at 75-80F. Cooked foods shall be cooled from 135F to 70F in 2 hours and 70F to 41F within 4 hours (6 hours total). Both discarded during inspection. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Establishment shall ensure food contact surfaces are being properly washed, rinsed, and sanitized. Employee said that they cleaned utensils and containers for cabbage and did not sanitize afterwards. Discussed proper wash, rinse, and sanitizing procedures with employee.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed black build-up on food contact portion of can opener. Ensure ca"
NEW HIBACHI XPRESS	99.5	"3-501.13 Thawing - Food shall be thawed under refrigeration 41F or below, under 70F or below running water, or as part of the cooking process. Frozen shrimp on prep sink drainboard at room temperature. CDI - shrimp moved to sink well under cold running water."
NEWKS EATERY	96.0	"6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - All handsinks shall have a hand drying provision available. Facility has gotten rid of paper towel dispensers and did not have paper towels available at the handsinks. CDI - containers with paper towels placed at all handsinks., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Items held for TPHC shall be labeled with discard time. Lettuce held for TPHC was not labeled with begin or discard time during inspection. CDI - time added to lettuce., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Several clear plastic dishes observed with sticker debris still on them while stacked on clean shelving. CDI - items moved to dish area for recleaning. Facility is in process of changing stickers so that they are easily washed off."
NINJA HIBACHI EXPRESS (GREENVILLE BLVD)	95.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Items were prepped this morning and placed in the sushi cooler.  This unit is not capable of rapid cooling.  Item that were being cooled down were removed and placed into walk in for rapid cooling.  Make sure to rapid cool prepped food item inside of walk in cooler or freezer and not cold holding units. CDI, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous food that are being cold held must be kept at or below 41 degrees F.  Items at the sushi cooler (gyoza, prepped sushi rolls, and spicy tuna) were not reaching proper cold holding temperatures.  PIC removed items from unit and placed in walk in freezer for rapid cooling. CDI, 3-304.15 (A) Gloves, Use Limitation - Observed employee handle tongs that were laying in bowl used to transfer raw meat to grill and then use utensils to handle ready to eat rice. Keep tongs in a clean container between uses or change gloves when handling tongs. Employee changed gloves during inspection. CDI., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Items that held for time must be marked or identified to indicate the time that is 6 hours past the time it is removed from temperature control as long as temperature does exceed 70 degrees F.  The prepped white sauces on the front line counter are not label today for time and not being cold held."
NINO&#39;S CUCINA ITALIANA RESTAURANT	94.0	"3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens - Disclosure shall include a description of the animal-derived food.  Description for items that are served undercooked or cooked to order are missing in the disclosure.  Add the items to the disclosure and provide a description that they are &quot;can be cooked to order&#39;., 4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - Establishment does not have quat test strips and are actively using quat sanitizer.  Test strips for sanitizers must be readily available at all times.  Will return to verify location has obtain test strips., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloth must be kept in sanitizer solution at effective concentration.  Observed bucket of wiping cloth in sanitizer solution not at effective concentration.  PIC dumped and refreshed sanitizer., 3-501.13 Thawing (B)(4) &amp;amp; (E)(2) - TCS foods shall be thawed for a period time that does not allow thawed portions of raw animal foods that require cooking to be above 41F.  Frozen reduced oxygen packaged fish shall be removed from ROP prior to or immediately after thawing.  Observed sealed packages of octopus 75F submerged in water at prep sink, also ROP seafood packages at cold prep. Items were removed from packaging and placed in walk in for rapid cooling, items at cold prep were cut open, 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemical bottles shall be stored to prevent contamination of dishes and utensils.  Observed cleaner spray bottle stored next to clean dishes in server area.  Chemicals were removed and dishes moved to be rewashed., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Keep single service and single use articles stored 6 inches above the floor.  Observed single use articles stored on floor in upstairs storage area.  Items were moved to proper storage., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Hand sink may only be used for hand washing.  Observed metal basket inside of bar hand sink and scrub pad laying inside of kitchen handsink.  Both items were removed., 5-203.14 Backflow Prevention Device, When Required, 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - All access points in plumbing system shall be equipped with a backflow prevention device.  No backflow preventer installed at service sink hose bib.  Install a backflow preventer at this location.  Will return to verify backflow preventer is installed.  The drain at the handsink near dish machine is slow draining and seems to be clogged.  There is not evidence of backflow coming from this drain.  Have"
NO. 1 CHINESE	94.5	"5-501.114 Using Drain Plugs - No drain plug provided for outdoor dumpster. Provide drain plug., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in main prep area at 12-38 foot candles (ft-cd) and 20-45 ft-cd in main cooking area. Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal foods stored with facility products in walk in, dry storage area, and cold prep units. Store all employee items in designated areas., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving throughout facility, storage containers, cooking equipment, cooking area, cold prep unit, and freezers in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 7-202-12 Conditions of Use - Home use insecticide present in chemical storage area. per discussion with PIC, Insecticide used to mitigate pests inside and outside of facility. Product indicated by manufacturer for home applications. Toxic substances must be used in accordance with manufacturer&#39;s intended use. CDI: insecticide discarded., 3-307.11 Miscellaneous Sources of Contamination - Cardboard flats previously used for raw shell eggs stored directly above ready to eat foods in walk in unit. foods must be protected from all sources of contamination. CDI: flats discarded., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Areas of ceiling surrounding water heater and above storage area in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair."
NO. 1 CHINESE OF AYDEN	85.0	"2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - One employee observed handling food wearing bracelet and two employees 0observed handling food wearing rings with stones. When handling food, no hand or arm jewelry may be worn, other than a smooth plain band on the finger.  2-302.11 Maintenance - Fingernails - One employee with painted, faux finger nails observed working with exposed food without gloves. Unless wearing intact gloves in good repair, a food handling employee may not wear fingernail polish or artif, 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wiping cloths held wet outside of sanitizer solution. When held wet, wiping cloths must be held in sanitizer solution of effective concentration., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving throughout facility, cold prep units, baffles of hood, cooking equipment, rice warmers, and storage containers in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Container of glass cleaner stored with single service articles in front service area. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food, equipment, or single service articles., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Several plastic and metal containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils smut be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal foods stored with facility products in walk in and dry storage areas. Store all employee foods in designated areas.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Several dry good containers observed with utensils with handles contacting products. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Egg rolls, rangoons, cooked pork, and two containers of cooked chicken in front most cold prep unit not date marked. Foods prepared or unpackaged and held longer than 24 hours must be date marked, unless otherwise exempted by this code. CDI: dates provided., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Container of cooked chicken stored on counter top in main prep area. Chicken held on counter top at 81F. When held hot, TCS products smut be held at 135F or above. CDI: chicken discarded., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Metal containers in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Items placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again.  4-702.11 Before Use After Cleaning - Observed employee remove excess food product from tings by contacting waste receptacle. Employee washed and rinsed tongs after removal, b"
NOODLES &amp; COMPANY	96.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving throughout facility, inside of cold prep units, and cooking equipment in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning to cooking area observed since previous inspection., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Lids of outdoor cardboard receptacle open. Keep all outdoor refuse storage receptacles closed or covered with tight fitting lid when not in immediate use.  5-502.11 Frequency - Removal - Cardboard dumpster open due to excess volume of accumulated waste. Refuse shall be removed from the premises at a frequency that will minimize the development conditions that attract or harbor insects and rodents 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Waste and debri, 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Metal flooring in and at entrance of walk in unit partially pulling form floor. Some areas of walk in floor damaged and uneven. Wall near walk in unit missing corner covering strip, has exposed wood, has separating FRP, and has some damaged coving tiles. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in main prep area at 24-48 ft-cd (foot candles), 13-36 ft-cd under hood, 17-37 ft-cd at prep sink, and 30-42 ft-cd at ice machine. Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas."
NORTH PITT HIGH SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.5	"5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - The dumpster area around the compactor and recycle bin has lots of trash debris. Remove additional items around this area to minimize chances insects and rodents harbor here. 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Several containers without lids that are catching rainwater, and have waste material in them. Either provide lids for these containers, or discard them., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Two bottles of hand sanitizer were stored next to single-use gloves box, and beside cereal boxes. Both were moved off the cart and table. Ensure chemical products are stored away from equipment, single-use articles, and food."
NORTHWEST ELEMENTARY CAFETERIA	98.5	"3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In walk in freezer observed a case labeled frozen oven ready fish filets with opened packages.  There were also a open package of ready to eat burger stored inside same case.  This case of raw ready to cook fish was also being stored above ready to eat hot dogs.  Discussed with PIC to constantly verify products when delivered and identify and properly store items when labeling reads, oven ready, or ready to eat/full"
OAK HAVEN ASSISTED LIVING - (Lodging)	93.5	".1312(c) or (d) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - The hand sink at the medication station had a cooler sitting in it from refilling it. Cooler was removed. Keep hand sinks free for handwashing needs, and to prevent contamination., .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Clean coving on wall of spider webs and dust in Rooms, including Lounge area. Repair the crack in the wall in baseboard in Room 103, and 208. Close gap between coving strips in SCU Clean Linen room., .1319(b), .1312(a) Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - In Laundry, keep cardboard box on folding table with clean linen. Clean the storage shelves of debris on SCU clean linen storage. Clean floors here as well. Clean Laundry room floors of dust and debris. In clean linen closet, several linen sheets were lying on the floor. Clean SCU Laundry, including window sills, and around machines. Countertop is rough with several worn areas. Keep linen off floor, and keep Laundry rooms clean., .1309 Floors - Clean floor in the Lounge area under the furniture to remove general debris. Clean floor in rooms around furniture, including around corners, and under beds., .1312(a), (b) or (f) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Repair the cracks and gaps in wall/ceiling corner in SCU Shower Room, General Shower Room. Clean mildew from Tub Room door gasket. Shower chair in SCU Tub room has mildew underneath it. Clean shower chair in Room 115. Fix holes in walls on Shower Room 1. Clean mildew from shower head in SCU Tub Room., .1317(a) Vermin Control: Premises : Animal Maintenance - A live cockroach was seen that fell off the towel roll from the Shower Room towel dispenser in General hall. Keep vermin excluded from the establishment."
OAK HAVEN SENIOR VILLAGE KITCHEN	94.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - In the walk-in cooler, a container of slaw was cooling, and cooled from 43.9 F to 43.0 F in 20 minutes, for a rate of 0.045 F/minute. Discussed mixing product to spread out, and cover with loose wrap. Cool TCS foods at rate of 0.12 F or higher for rapid cooling., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) is available; Person-In-Charge (PIC) has yet to obtain certification. PIC shall have a CFPM certification while establishment is preparing and serving food. A list of courses was provided., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (C) The can opener was not washed from the previous evening, and had food debris. Can opener was taken to warewashing sink. Ensure food-contact surfaces are washed, rinsed, and sanitized at least every four hours after use. 4-703.11 Hot Water and Chemical - Methods - The dish machine was not dispensing sanitizer, and thus chlorine read 0 ppm. Maintenance examined machine, but could not fix on site. Technician for this machine wa, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - 5 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1),(2) In the walk-in freezer, a opened bag with hot dogs was stored on same shelf as opened box of raw sausage links, and a box of raw beef sandwich meat. In the walk-in cooler, a cooked deli ham was stored on bottom shelf with raw chicken and raw bacon.  3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregat"
OLIVE GARDEN 1643	94.0	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gaskets of some prep units and hot holding units observed torn and damaged. Keep all equipment in good repair. Some gaskets listed on previous inspection have been replaced. Continue repairs to facility., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Plastic and metal containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Multi-use forks stored in vertical storage container with food contact portions facing upwards. Multi use utensils smut be stored covered or inverted to p, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, insides of prep units, Handles of equipment, and fan guards in walk in unit in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Raw chicken in chicken prep drawer, cheese in ice bath, and alfredo sauce in ice bath held above 41F. Alfredo sauce and cheese not fully submerged in ice baths. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: Cheese and alfredo sauce stored deeper into ice baths. Per discussion with PIC, product placed into unit from walk in less than one hour ago. Raw chicken moved to walk in unit per coo, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handle raw chicken with gloved hands. Employee changed gloves after handling raw chicken, but did not wash hands before transitioning to handling plant foods. Hand must  be washed when needed in accordance with change in task. CDI: discussed hand washing with employee. Employee washed hands and donned new gloves. Discussed use of dedicated utensil with PIC and employee."
OMAR&#39;S GRILL	88.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Observed debris build-up around fryer and in drink reach-in., 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Food equipment shall be commercial; NSF or ANSI certified. Whirlpool and Haier freezers are not commercial and read &quot;household use only&quot;. Remove from facility., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC must demonstrate knowledge by having CFPM, no priority violations, or answer inspector&#39;s questions correctly. No CFPM available, priority violations during inspection., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be on-site during all food prep and service. No CFPM on-site during inspection., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Handsinks may only be used for handwashing. Observed sponge in line handsink. CDI - sponge removed. Do not store anything in the handsink., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Chemicals in working containers shall be labeled with it&#39;s common name. Observed two bottles of chemicals unlabeled in dish area. CDI - bottles labeled. 7-207.11 Restriction and Storage - Medicines - Medicines shall be stored away from all food, clean utensils/equipment, and single-use items. Observed cough medicine stored with clean pans in reach-in used as shelving. CDI - medicine relocated., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - TCS foods shall be date marked when prepped/cooked. Observed container of cooked shredded steak and cooked chicken in the prep cooler with no date marking. PIC stated they were cooked last Saturday, 10/16/21. CDI - items discarded., 5-203.13 Service Sink - Each facility shall have at least 1 service sink for cleaning mops and disposal of mop water. Facility does not currently have a mop sink but is in process of building one. Submit plans to Pitt County Environmental Health.  5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Plumbing systems shall be kept in good repair. Left faucet on 3-comp sink does not work., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed stacked &quot;clean&quot; pans on clean side drainboard of 3-comp with food debris still in them. CDI - dishes moved to dirty side drainboard for cleaning. 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Food contact surfaces shall be cleaned a least once every 4 hours at room temperature and at end of each serving day. Observed sever"
OMAR&#39;S TACO EXPRESS MFU	95.0	"6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting remains low over the flat top grill. Lighting measured around 20fc. Lighting above food prep/cook surfaces shall be at least 50fc. Establishment may need to add an additional light fixture of spotlight over this area that can be angled., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - A spray bottle containing Windex was observed without a label. Storage containers holding poisonous or toxic materials shall be labeled to identify the contents. A label was created for the bottle., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Food recently transported from the commissary establishment was temped between 47-57 degrees F. Temperature control safety foods shall be maintained at a cold holding temperature of at least 41 degrees F. Establishment agreed to discard the container of lettuce which was above 48 degrees F. Discussed process of transporting food with establishment., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - Owner of the establishment is not a certified food protection manager. At least one employee shall be a certified food protection manager and at the establishment during hours of operation."
OMARS  2	90.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Small stack of plastic containers were wet stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.  Improvement made since last visit., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed on lower shelf of make station and gaskets to remove food debris, hood baffles and sides of equipment to remove grease buildup.  Cleaning has improved since last visit, continue to keep non food contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Ceiling tile in men&#39;s restroom partially detached from ceiling and observed with holes. Keep all physical facilities in good repair. Facility has replaced detached coving in restroom area with tiles., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC unable to demonstrate required knowledge or provide certification relevant to this code. PIC must demonstrate knowledge of all safe food handling and employee health practices., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Container of eggs in reach in cooler was stored above ready to eat food items.  Store food properly so they do not become a source of contamination.  Eggs were moved., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Chemical bottle was not labeled.  Ensure working containers of chemicals are labeled with common name.  Label added. 7-202-12 Conditions of Use - Cans of home use pesticides stored on shelf of prep sink in rear of facility. Labels on pesticides indicate home use and are not designated for use in food establishments. Pesticides must be used in accordance with the manufacturer&#39;s instructions and must be rated for food establishment use if used in this fa, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Main prep station was holding TCS items above 41F (burgers, lamb, cheese, cucumber sauce, peppers and milk).  Unit was set on lowest cold setting, PIC stated that unit should be set between 3 &amp;amp; 4.  Products must be held at 41F or below. Unit was adjusted, and after 30 mins items were being cooled and cold held properly.  Cheese was stacked high above fill line of container.  Ensure that foods are kept"
OSAKA SUSHI &amp; HIBACHI CUISINE	94.0	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed racks in walk-in refrigeration and freezer that are rusted. Have racks resurfaced or replaced. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed container of fried chicken pieces sitting on prep counter at 60F, spicy crab, and spicy tuna in sushi prep at 50-53F. All are being removed from refrigeration during rush hour for more convenience. TCS foods shall be held at 41F and below or put them on a TPHC. Discussed TPHC for fried chicken pieces, Chicken pieces were timed and used within next 20 minutes. Spicy crab and tuna was put into sush, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed vegetables for fried rice and raw beef being prepped on same prep surface directly next to each other when starting inspection. Ensure vegetables and raw meats are being prepared at different types or at different prep surfaces to prevent cross contamination. Vegetables were moved to container and transferred to walk-in during inspection. CDI.  3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging,, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed sushi employee leave sushi station, return, put on gloves to complete order without washing their hands prior to putting on gloves. Employees shall wash their hands before putting on gloves to handle food. Discussed proper procedures with PIC and employee, employee washed their hands and put on gloves after. CDI."
OUTBACK STEAKHOUSE 3450	92.5	"6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - Coving of tile in dry storage room needs caulking to be resealed.  Floor and wall junctures shall be coved and sealed.  Broken tiles, paper towel dispenser, and handicap bar noted on last inspection as been repaired.   6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Cleaning of floors needed throughout establishment today to remove food and debris.  Under and behind equipment, under 3 comp sink and in walk ins.  Keep physical fac, 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloth was sitting on fryer.  Keep wet wiping cloths in sanitizer solution in between uses.  CDI cloth was removed., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Container of raw chicken stored above raw seafood in the fry station cooler.  Raw, unwashed produce stored above prepped ready to eat items in walk in.  Arrange each type of food in equipment so that cross contamination of one type with another is prevented.  Corrected during inspection, PIC corrected storage order of containers., 4-703.11 Hot Water and Chemical - Methods - Dish machine temp only reached 150 F measured by dish plate thermometer.  Food contact surfaces and utensils shall be sanitized in hot water machine by achieving a surface temperature of 160 F.  PIC placed a work order and will not use dish machine until repaired.  4-602.11 (E) (4) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Cleaning needed on all drink nozzles at bar area to remove buildup.  Several lids stored clean had dried food debr, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Portioned cheese and sliced tomatoes at the salad prep unit were packed too high in container and temperatures were above 41 F (41-50 F).  TCS foods that are being cold held must be kept at or below 41 F.  Corrected during inspection, PIC removed excess above fill line and placed into freezer to rapidly cool."
PACTOLUS SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.5	"3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods shall be held hot at 135F or above. Two pans of mashed potatoes in the left hot box were below 135F. Top door on this unit appears to have a weak magnet making the door pop open and not seal properly. CDI - mashed potatoes reheated to 165F. Top door taped shut until maintenance can be performed."
PALETERIA DEYA	96.5	"2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager -  A CFPM shall be onsite during all food prep and service. No CFPM available., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed inside the deep freezers and along door tracks, as well as inside the drink display cabinet at the front. Some light cleaning needed on shelving under prep table holding kettle warmers., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - RTE TCS foods shall be date marked when prepared and/or opened. An open carton of milk did not have a date mark. PIC did not know when milk was opened. CDI - milk was discarded. Ensure to date mark milk for 7 day span when opened."
PALETERIA DEYA	99.0	3-307.11 Miscellaneous Sources of Contamination - Observed bags of of frozen fruit stored in crates on floor of walk-in cooler. Foods shall be stored at least 6&quot; off the ground. PIC said they would install bottom shelfing instead of using the crates.
PANDA EXPRESS #3420	95.0	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed several stacks of food containers stacked wet. Allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Clean food containers and bowls observed stored right side up. Ensure containers are being inverted to keep the protected from contamination. Both stacks of container, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed inside of prep coolers and on the sides of the fryers. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean and free from build-up., 6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Observed half drunk bottle of gatorade in reach-in portion of prep cooler. Ensure employee personal items are stored in designated area where they cannot contaminate food. Bottle discarded during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Bag of shredded cabbage stored in container at top of prep cooler at 55F. Ensure bagged food is being held in the reach-in portion of the prep cooler to ensure it is maintained at 41F and below. Cabbage put into reach-in portion during inspection. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed plastic containers stored clean with food residues inside of them. Ensure food contact surfaces are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside. Containers were moved to 3 compartment sink during inspection. CDI."
PANDA EXPRESS AT ECU MCSC	98.5	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed a stack of metal food containers wet. Allow food containers to adequately air dry before stacking them on one another. Containers separated during inspection. CDI., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed chemical spray bottle hanging from push cart above bag of straws. Ensure chemicals are being stored in a manner that prevent them from cross contaminating single-use articles, utensils, and food. Bottle moved during inspection. CDI."
PANERA BREAD #1647	96.0	"2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Two employees had items around the wrists (rubber band, watch) while processing orders. Employees that handle exposed food shall wear only a plain ring as jewelry., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the shelves at the main hot holding well at Expo of grease and debris. Clean the shelves in Bakery holding sheet pans of food crumbs. Clean the Silver King salad cooler sides, and adjacent cold prep unit, of food debris, and clean gaskets on Delfield coolers. Clean interior drawers of the Randell cooler., 6-304.11 Mechanical - Ventilation - Clean the return air vents in the kitchen area and the vents in the restrooms of dust buildup., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - The two pans of cut tomatoes were in the Delfield cold prep unit, one on the top rail, and one with a lid that was cooling in a drawer. Ensure that rapid cooling methods are used to cool TCS foods, such as storing loosely covered, cooling in the walk-in cooler, or other methods., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Clean shelf at the main hot well Expo area where bowls are catching crumbs on the interior, food-contact area. Clean the fork holder here as well of general debris. A rubber band piece was found in the multi-use knife holder., 3-504.14 Cooling - In the Delfield cold prep unit by the blender station, two pans of cut tomatoes were 45 F, one in a drawer, and one in the top rail. Both had labels that indicated products were cut at 10:00am today. However, products were checked at approximately 2:30pm. Products were discarded. All other TCS foods checked in this cooler were less than 41 F. Ensure that TCS foods are rapidly cooled within four hours of preparation from 70 F-41 F."
PAPA JOHN S PIZZA  #452	97.5	"6-501.16 Drying Mops - Mops shall be dried inverted to prevent contamination of facility and handle. Two mops drying with mop heads facing up in the mop sink area., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Handsinks may only be used for handwashing. Observed olives and other food debris in the line handsink. CDI - discussed with PIC and employees. Do not dump anything down the handsink. 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - A hand drying provision shall be available at each handsink. No hand drying provisions available at the bathroom handsink. CDI - paper towels replaced., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored separately from single use items to prevent contamination. Observed bottle of equipment cleaner stored with unwrapped pizza boxes at the front counter. CDI - chemical relocated."
PAPA JOHNS #2167	94.0	"6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents throughout facility in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. keep all ventilation systems clean.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal drinks stored with facility products in walk in unit. Store all employee foods and beverages in designated areas.  6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee hats stored with facility equipm, 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Can of air freshener stored above prep sink with utensils. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food and equipment. CDI: Container removed., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Inside of prep units storage area shelving, shelving of walk in unit, pizza oven, trays of pizza oven, and pizza prep area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Ceiling in restroom peeling. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, and ceilings throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils smut be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cream cheese mix on counter top held above 41F. Per discussion with PIC, product left out after recent prep. Per discussion, product left out less than 1 hour. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: product placed back into unit. All other cheeses stored in correct storage area today."
PARKER&#39;S #3	96.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean interior of the True cooler, ServWare freezer, and bottom of the C-H hot box. Clean the top of the Hatco warmer where splash has occurred. Clean the storage racks for tea/Pepsi. Clean the unused service line where food debris and dust is collecting. Clean outside of the Servware freezer of splashes and debris. Clean the exterior of the ice machine. There is a large amount of ice buildup in the walk-in freezer., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - The shelf below the Hatco warmer is rusting. Shelves are also rusting in the back area for raw animal food preparation. Repair the torn gasket on the ServWare freezer., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Several trash cans around the dumpster area do not have lids, and are full with trash bags, and some of the bags were ripped. Also, a dumpster lid was opened. Provide lids for trash cans outside, and keep trash cans covered to minimize insect and rodent attractants. 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Clean the food spills and boxes on the ground around the dumpster area. Keep this area clean., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - The hot water at the hand sink by the walk-in cooler was 65 F. Adjust to provide at least 100 F hot water for handwashing., 3-202.11 Temperature - Two pans of barbecue that were received reportedly this morning were in the walk-in cooler covered, and one pan was 76-84 F, while the other was 30 F. Two other pans, per discussion with employee, were received within one hour of beginning inspection, and one pan was 41 F, while the other was 61-52 F. The two pans that were above 41 F were discarded. Ensure employees who receive product evaluate the delivery temperature to ensure products are 41 F or less, and reject produ"
PARKERS  BARBECUE 1	96.5	"4-502.11 (A) and (C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensils and Temperature and Pressure Measuring Devices - Repair the broken thermometers on the CVAP hot boxes in the kitchen area. Both are not functioning. In the True cooler where banana pudding is stored, the air thermometer was not working. Keep air thermometers in good repair to ascertain the air temperature of the unit.  4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Repair the CVAP hot box doors on both units that have gaps at th, 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Two employees were seen handling food without hair restraints (handling raw chicken, processing barbecue), and one did not have beard guard while processing barbecue. Employees who handle exposed food shall wear hair and beard restraints to cover loose hair., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Repair areas of floor in hog cooking room with cracks, pitting, and pooling water. Repair cracked tiles, in the back preparation room, and at hog walk-in cooler entrance. Seal the floor threshold in the hog cooler. Back middle hallway and outside middle storage room have peeling paint. Paint is peeling around hand sink. Frames of entryways have rusty, peeling areas. Replace missing ceiling tiles in the back cook room., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Several pans stored on the back room storage rack were wet, and some with barbecue debris, as a result of floor cleaning. Remove pans that have splash on them, and provide clean locations that utensils can be stored that are protected from contamination., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the left side CVAP hot box, a pan of barbecue chicken with several pieces measuring at 125-135 F. The pan was removed and placed into the oven to reheat. Ensure TCS foods remain at 135 F or higher at all times."
PARKERS BARBECUE 2	96.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Chicken gizzards cooling in tightly packaged pan in ice bath. No significant change in temperature observed after 18 minutes of cooling. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: chicken gizzards moved to very shallow container for rapid cooling and placed into walk in. Large bbq pans and large raw chicken pans cooled using effective methods today., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents throughout facility in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean. Light listed on previous inspection has been replaced. Lighting in vegetable cooking area at 69-131 ft-cd., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, outsides of storage containers, large storage ports, shelving throughout facility, hot holding units, and reach in in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Floors and walls throughout facility in need of repair. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Metal and plastic containers in clean equipment storage area observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying."
PATHEON CAFETERIA	98.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed condenser in main kitchen walk-in freezer leaking and walling warping in main kitchen walk-in cooler. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair.  4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Chest freezer in satellite kitchen is for household use only per manufacture tag. Equipment shall be used per manufacture intended use., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed deli meats in sandwich cold bar at 45-50F, salads in grab n go coolers in main cafe and satellite cafe at 47-50F, and pasta salad at salad cold bar at 55F. All these foods had been made this morning and had not properly cooled before putting out for service. Ensure TCS foods are rapidly cooled to 41F in rapid cooling equipment before transferring to cold bars or grab n go coolers. Those units are not designed for rapid cooling. 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Conti"
PCC BASEBALL CONCESSIONS	98.5	"3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Time/Temperature Control for Safety (TCS) foods held hot shall maintain temperatures of 135?F or above. Hot dogs in bread box under the roller grill measured 88?F today. Discussed hot holding requirements with the employee. Hot dogs were placed on Time as a Public Health Control today. Once hot dogs are removed from the grill, placed on a bun, and wrapped, they can be held in the box for no"
PEADEN&#39;S	91.5	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed a few stacks of metal containers that were wet. Allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed clean metal food containers stored on storage rack directly next to can wash. You could see visible splash on the lower racks. Have the containers removed from bottom 2 shelving or have a protective shielding, 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed a few sanitizer buckets that tested at 0ppm chlorine. Ensure sanitizer buckets are being maintained at 50-200ppm. Employee said they had been made at 5am and we checked them at 10am. Ensure they&#39;re being changed out frequently enough to be kept clean and maintained at 50-200ppm chlorine. CDI., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Tiling in can wash are in poor repair. Have tiles replaced or remove tiling and have surface smoothed out. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed live german cockroaches on the walling inside ware-washing area. Ensure establishment is being maintained pest free. Increase treatment frequency., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Observed cook with longer facial hair without beard guard. Ensure employees with facial hair longer then 1/4&quot; wear beard guards. Employee put on beard guard during inspection. CDI.  2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Observed food employees wearing wrist bracelets and watches. No hand/finger jewelry is allowed besides a single banded ring., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed racks in walk-in refrigeration, dish area, and in dry storage are rusted. Have racks repainted or replaced. Observed prep cooler leaking. Have unit repaired so that it doesn&#39;t leak. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to racks inside walk-in cooler, grates to hood systems, and on handles/doors of 3 door reach-in cooler. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned at a frequency that prevents build-up., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed raw turkey wings over pig tails, raw chicken over raw cubed steak over cooked pork jowls, and raw shelled eggs stored over heads of cabbage inside walk-in. Observed picture of pancake mix (w/ raw egg) stored directly beside hotdogs buns and above clean box gloves. Ensure foods are being stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperature. Foods were all re-arranged to correct storage order. CDI. &amp;#x0D;"
PEADEN&#39;S GRILL &amp; GRO INC	97.0	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Clean utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry place. Observed some debris in the containers holding cleaned utensils on top of ice machine., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be rapidly cooled using approved methods. Observed chicken salad cooling in prep unit tightly closed. CDI - lid vented. Leave lids off of food until food reaches 41F., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Repair warped floor tiles underneath 3-comp sink. Repair detached baseboard strip underneath the back handsink., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be onsite during all food prep and service. No CFPM available."
PEADEN&#39;S MOBILE FOOD UNIT #2	94.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving observed with mild buildup. Keep clean., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No one certified as a food protection manager on duty., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw eggs stored over a container of individually butter on open shelving. Keep food stored according to final cook temperature. Corrected during inspection. Food relocated inside reach in unit."
PEADENS GRILL MOBILE FOOD UNIT	96.0	"4-501.17 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Agents - No soap at warewashing. Provide soap for dish washing., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager on duty."
PICCADELLY FOOD MART	94.0	"3-501.13 Thawing - Observed chicken wings in reach-in cooler at 65-70F, PIC said they thawed them under hot water. Ensure chicken is being thawed in refrigeration or thawed under 70F or less running water. Wings were rapidly cooled in reach-in. CDI., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager working during inspection. Person with an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification shall be present during inspection., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to hood system, inside reach-in cooler, on outsides of dried good containers, and on shelving below hot case. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 5-402.13 Conveying Sewage - Establishment has raised drains and no floor drains. When letting water out of 3 compartment sink it is coming back up through the other drains if let out too fast. It will drain without spilling over if let out slowly. Have Plumbing repaired so that when letting water out it does not spill or come out through another drain. I will be back Monday to verify it&#39;s fixed. VR., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under fryer and sinks. Observed yellow/brown splatter on walls near 3 compartment sink. Ensure physical facilities are being cleaned often enough to prevent build-up.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Floor tiles under fryer are missing and collecting grease. Have new floor tiles installed or have it repaired so that it&#39;s smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed metal food containers with greasy residues inside and outside them. Observed tongs with build-up on them and lids with build-up throughout them. Ensure food contact utensils are being thoroughly cleaned so they&#39;re clean to sight and touch. If certain utensils don&#39;t get used have them removed or kept protected so they don&#39;t collect build-up. All put at 3 compartment sink during inspection. CDI."
PIGGLY WIGGLY	95.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring in main walk-in cooler and walk-in chicken cooler to remove build-up under racks. Ensure flooring is being cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Repair door framing where metal is coming off wall at walk-in freezer and reattach sheet metal to walk-in chicken cooler door. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good re, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to fan guards in meat processing room and main walk-in cooler to remove dusty build-up. Ensure cardboard used to catch beef at grinded is being changed frequently to prevent build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 3-304.15 (A) Gloves, Use Limitation - Observed employee handle phone with gloves on and return to handle raw beef without changing their gloves. Observed employee handling raw meat and not change their gloves when leaving meat room. Ensure when gloves are changed or taken off after handling raw meat to prevent cross contamination to surfaces. Ensure after handling phone employee changes their gloves before handling meat to prevent cross contamination of meat.  3-304.15 (A) Gloves, Use Limitation, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed cubed beef, ground beef, diced beef, and thin sliced beef on right side of chest cooler at 42-45F. All meats on right side of unit were taken to walk-in cooler until unit can be fixed. PIC turned down unit to 29F during inspection but ambient thermometer was reading 36-39F. CDI. TCS meats shall be held at 41F and below."
PIGGLY WIGGLY  70	95.5	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Observed meat trays stored above meat cutting table with meat residues throughout them. Single-service items shall be stored clean and protected., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed broken baseboard in beef and chicken walk-in cooler. Observed foam filling between walling and baseboards in ground beef walk-in. Have broken baseboard tile replaced and foam filling replaced with a nonabsorbent sealant. Physical facilities shall be in good repair and easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under racks inside both walk-in coo, 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Bucket of sanitizer was being stored on drying board next to container of pork. Keep sanitizer stored down below food and food prep surfaces to prevent cross contamination. Moved below prep table. CDI., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed ground beef and tenderized beef stored above whole cuts of beef on display casing. Stack meats by their minimum safe final cooking temperature. Ground beef and tenderized beef was moved over to where all other ground beef is being displayed. CDI."
PIGGLY WIGGLY #34 PRODUCE	97.5	"7-207.11 Restriction and Storage - Medicines - Observed employee medicine stored next to produce in the walk in cooler.  Medicine shall be stored away from food to prevent contamination.  Item was removed CDI, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed packages cut cabbage at the display cooler cold holding between 41-45 F.  TCS foods that are being cold held must be kept at or below 41 F.  PIC was not able to verify if unit is going through defrost.  Will return to verify cold holding.  Cut cabbages are no longer being stored on unrefrigerated stand."
PIGGLY WIGGLY MEAT MARKET	96.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Walls in men&#39;s employee restroom observed with paint chipping and degradation and rusting dividers. Paint of walls in this area chipping and damaged. Crack present where sink meets wall in restrooms. Some areas of floor in walk in unit observed with cracked or damaged tiles. Keep all physical facilities in good repair 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floor of walk in unit in need of cleaning. Keep all, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Some items held above load line of customer self service display unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: excess product placed below fill line of unit or removed from unit. Discussed use of fill line indicators with PIC."
PIGGLY WIGGLY OF AYDEN DELI	95.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths stored in container without sanitizer solution. When held wet, wiping cloths must be held in sanitizer solution of effective concertation., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods -  Walls in men&#39;s employee restroom observed with paint chipping and degradation and rusting dividers. Paint of walls in this area chipping and damaged. Crack present where sink meets wall in restrooms. Keep all physical facilities in good repair 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Some areas of walls and floors in rear prep area in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Fryers, cooking equipment, bulk containers, storage racks, tracks of deli case, and shelving in rear prep area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee sweep floor and begin to don gloves and prepare customer order at deli counter without hand washing. Hand s must be washed prior to food handling after engaging in activates that contaminate the hands. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Employee washed hands."
PIGGLY WIGGLY OF AYDEN PRODUCE	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Pad and surrounding portion of shrink wrap table, fan guards of overhead fan units in walk in and prep room, vents of display unit where cut melon is stored, and bottom of display unit where cut melon is stored in need of cleaning. keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Walls in men&#39;s employee restroom observed with paint chipping and degradation and rusting dividers. Paint of walls in this area chipping and damaged. Crack present where sink meets wall in restrooms. Keep all physical facilities in good repair"
PIRATE&#39;S DELI	95.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (B) A spoon was lying in the protein powder at the smoothie station with the handle sitting in it. Keep handles for scoops out of food to prevent contamination from hands., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - TPHC was in use for raw shell eggs, as staff discussed using a document tracking the dates and times of the TPHC use at the cook station, but no written procedure was available. PIC wrote a procedure during reinspection. Ensure written procedure is maintained at all times, and is created prior to using TPHC for TCS foods., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the walk-in cooler, a pan with raw chicken was sitting on shelf above a box with cooked soups and cooked chicken. Discussed storage order, and moving raw chicken pan to the lower shelf, and moving ready-to-eat foods to another shelf, or providing a barrier to protect from raw animal food splash. In the Senkar cooler, a flat of raw shell eggs was stored on the top shelf above cooked foods. Eggs were rearranged to"
PITT COMMUNIY COLLEGE BASEBALL CONCESSIONS	98.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored on a cleaned, sanitized piece of equipment or in the food. Ice scoop stored on top of ice machine today. Scoop was placed on a plate., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Dumpster doors shall be kept closed when not in use. One overhead door open on the dumpster today. Door was closed during inspection. 5-501.114 Using Drain Plugs - Dumpsters shall be equipped with drain plugs. Dumpster is missing the drain plug today. Recommend calling the waste management company for a replacement. 5-501.11 Outdoor Storage Surface - The surface that the dumpster is stored on shall be nonabsorbent. Dumpster is located on dirt/gravel surface today, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be in good repair. Gasket is torn on the glass-front reach-in cooler. Front service counter is cracked down the middle and on the right side near the popcorn machine. Keep equipment in good repair."
PITT COUNTY DETENTION CENTER	96.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - In the K119 Walk-in cooler, a pan of cooked potatoes was cooling, and cooled from 125.6 F to 118 F in 23 minutes, for a rate of 0.33 F/minute.  Pan was thick, and had a wrap on top of it. Discussed cooling methods such as using thinner pans and loose covering. Ensure loose covers and thin pans are used for cooling., 4-501.15 Warewashing Machines, Manufacturers?&amp;#x03;Operating Instructions - The pressure gauge on the dish machine was reading 10 psi. Ensure gauge reads pressure per manufacturer&#39;s operations of 15-25 psi. All other gauges were working properly., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying towels were available in the inmate restroom. Towels were replaced. Keep hand drying provisions available at all times at hand sinks., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (A)(4) The food thermometer was stored in the holder, and was dirty with food debris. Thermometer was cleaned. Ensure all food debris is removed from food thermometer prior to storage, and before use."
PITT STREET BREWING COMPANY	99.5	"4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Multi-use cups are stacked at the drinking fountains for customers to take as they desire. Cup stacks are sitting directly on the drinking fountains. Manager stated that a cup dispenser had been tested, but was not mounted at this time. Recommend to not store cups on the drinking fountains, and to provide a dispenser that prevents customers from touching multiple cups for drinking. If cups are di"
PITT STREET MINI MART	79.0	"6-501.18 Cleaning of Plumbing Fixtures - The toilet in the restroom is very dirty. 6-202.14 Toilet Rooms, Enclosed - The door to the restroom was open. Keep door to restroom closed when food is out and being served., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the warewashing sink to remove grime and debris. Sink compartments have buildup of general grime. 4-501.16 Warewashing Sinks, Use Limitation - No test strips for chlorine sanitizer was available. Provide test strips to measure sanitizing solutions. Will return by 7/19/2021 to verify., 4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - The container holding clean utensils on the 3-compartment sink drainboard was dirty, and holding standing water. Allow utensils to drain, and keep standing water out of containers holding utensils., 4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - Employee could not locate a food thermometer. Provide a food thermometer to use to obtain food temperatures. Will follow-up by 7/19/2021 to verify., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - A container of chili in the warmer was 69 F, and when opened, several bottle flies flew out of it. In additional, fly eggs were posited in the corner of the pan. Chili was discarded. Ensure that food is protected from contamination, and discarded if not safe for human consumption., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean interior heavy grease buildup from the AutoFry machine. Clean shelving under the Impinger oven, as well as the oven itself. Clean other equipment on counter, such as the dust buildup on the hot dog and the slushie machine., 6-201.13 Provide a coving strip for the walls around the cook area behind the freezer and tables to seal the wall/floor juncture. Seal loose baseboard strips in the restroom against wall. Seal other areas in kitchen where water and moisture may be present, such as under the 3-compartment sink.  6-101.11 Surface Characteristics-Indoor Areas - (A)Floor panels used for kitchen floor are absorbent and are not durable for kitchen environment. Floor panels shall be smooth, durable, and easily cleanabl, 5-501.11 Provide an area for the dumpster that is constructed of nonabsorbent material, and is smooth, durable, and easily cleanable. Dumpster is currently sitting on bare ground., 2-103.11(M) Person in Charge-Duties - Only employee present did not have knowledge of reportable diseases and conditions. A copy was provided. Ensure employees understand diseases and conditions that are required for exclusion or restriction., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - The warmer was not plugged in and was holding chili at 69 F and hot dogs at 71 F. Employee on duty did not know how long warmer had been unplugged. Both pans of food were discarded. Ensure that TCS foods are maintained at 135 F or higher., 4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment - The microwave had chili splashes inside, and employee did not know when it was last cleaned. Clean cooking surfaces of equipment at least every 24 hours.  4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - The fryer was reported no longer in use, but fryer basket inside was dirty with grease and debris. Clean food-contact surfaces at least 24 hours. Requested employee remove basket and clean and sanitize it., 6-202.15 Outer Openings, Protected - (A)(3) Provide a tight-fitting door at the back storage area. The current wood doors have a gap between the doors wide enough to allow large insects and rodents. Cover this gap to prevent insect and rodent entry. 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - A lot of flies were flying throughout the kitchen area, and had posited eggs into a container of chili in the warmer. Take appropriate measures to prevent fly harborage conditions, and remove flies from establishment., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - Employee on duty did not have a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) certification. Establishment shall have a CFPM on duty at all times while food is being prepared or served, and open for business., 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - The Food Display Warmer on the front counter, model: LD-601, does not display a rating demonstrating compliance with ANSI standards. Unit was not in use. In addition, the QBD cooler is certified for &quot;storage and display of potentially hazardous food in the original sealed package&quot; per label. Equipment shall be provided for storage of TCS foods opened or removed from packages. Freezer does not have ANSI certifications., 3-307.11 Miscellaneous Sources of Contamination - The shielding panels have been removed due to new counter installation, but food is currently being served. Provide shielding on this counter to prevent customer interaction with equipment and food, such as microwave, cups, and warmer., 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Six tubes of liquid nails were sitting among dry food containers on shelving under counter, and containers of wood glue were stored on storage rack above single-use containers. Containers were collected and moved under storage area. Keep toxic substances stored away from food processing areas."
PIZZA HUT	94.5	"5-103.12 Pressure - The hand sink next to the fry station does not have any flowing water. Discussed providing work order to repair this hand sink. Other hand sink is operable. Provide water under pressure to this hand sink. General Manager purchased batteries and replaced them at end of inspection. Water under pressure was provided., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Sauce cups stored at the wing sauce station are stored cup interior facing up, on a dirty storage rack. Unpackaged single-use articles shall be inverted to prevent contamination of the interior food-contact area, and stored in a clean location., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - The dish machine has food debris and grime building up inside, including around corners and doors, and on outside as well. Clean these areas at least daily and as often as necessary to prevent recontamination of utensils that are washed here., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the racks above the wing station, interior of Randell pizza prep unit, Traulsen freezer, Beverage Air freezer, racks by the boxing station, and general storage racks, to remove grease accumulation, food debris and dust. Clean general grime from top of the pizza oven. Clean walk-in cooler door and racks as well or grime and scale buildup., 8-103.12 Conformance with Approved Procedures - The pizza and breadstick sauce was not labeled in the container at the boxing station. Container shall be labeled per written procedures. A label was printed with information for discarding., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - The prep sink was used for cleaning fry baskets the previous evening, but was fully cleaned to remove debris and pooled water on the drainboard and around interior above the sink bowl. Discussed cleaning this sink to remove debris. Clean this sink as often as necessary, and at least every 4 hours."
PIZZA HUT #036119	99.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on shelving next to fryer where grease has accumulated, shelving in the walk-in where debris has accumulated and microbial growth is occurring, and shelving in the dish storage, including dough pan shelving, where residue is present. Cleaning needed in interior of walk-in freezer of debris., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seal torn on the fryer freezer and left prep unit door."
PIZZA HUT #32063	95.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Observed ice bins stored on top of ice machine that had black build-up inside of them. Ensure ice bins are being cleaned at a frequency that keeps them clean and free from build-up. Ice bins were removed and put at 3 compartment sink during inspection. CDI., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed several stacks of food containers wet. Allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them on one another.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed racks used to store clean pizza container, pans, and utensils that had build-up throughout them. Ensure racks and containers used to store clean utensils are being maintained clean., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors and walls throughout facility to remove build-up. Physical facilities shall be maintained clean.  6-201.11 Floors, Walls and Ceilings - Cleanability - Caulking on backside of prep sink and 3 compartment sink needs to be redone. Physical facilities shall be easily cleanable., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces throughout facility: racks, microwave, fronts/sides of prep cooler and reach-in cooler, inside reach-in cooler/freezer, side of ice machine, fryer hood grates, etc. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be maintained free from build-up., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Observed sanitizer coming out of dispenser at 400PPM+. Ensure sanitizer is at 200-400ppm. Sanitizer will be diluted to 200-400ppm until dispenser can be serviced. CDI."
PIZZA HUT #32544	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Storage carts and shelving in equipment storage area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Shelving and fan guards listed on previous inspection clean today., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some plastic pizza pans observed with light food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: pans placed in ware washing area to bel cleaned again. Improvement to food contact surfaces improved since previous inspection."
PIZZA HUT #33145	92.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed metal food containers stacked wet, allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them.  4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Observed containers used to store clean utensils and lids that had debris and residues inside of them. Clean utensils shall be stored in/on clean containers., 4-601.11(B) and (C) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Additional cleaning needed to shelving at wing station, on shelving near dish machine, on shelving where pizza pans are stored, on metal counter where pizzas are boxed, on handles of refrigeration, on gaskets, door frames of refrigeration, and inside fryer hood system. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting in back dry storage is not working, increase lighting to 10 foot candles. Light bulb under pizza oven is out and lighting is currently 35 foot candles, replace lighting so that lighting is 50 foot candles. Light bulbs near soda machine/ice bin are out. Lighting is currently 10 foot candles, replace lighting so that there&#39;s 20 foot candles., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under racks, behind fryers to remove grease build-up, and on walling in various areas to remove build-up. Physical facilities shall be kept clean.  6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Observed A/C exhaust vents that were coming loose from the ceiling and molding. Have exhaust secured to the ceiling and the cleaned and if it can&#39;t be removed painted over. Physical facili, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Pizza make station will not effectively hold foods at 41F and below. Have make station repaired so that it functions properly. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - All food at top of pizza make station was 46-53F. TCS foods shall be maintained at 41F and below. All foods were discarded during inspection. Ice will be supplemented until unit is fixed and will maintain 41F and below. VR"
PIZZA HUT #33925	98.0	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Side doors of outdoor waste dumpster open. Keep all outdoor waste receptacles closed or covered when not in immediate use.  5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Waste and debris present on ground in outdoor waste storage area. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean and free of debris., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Metal pans and plastic containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying."
PIZZA INN 1	95.0	"6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Light under hood above stove top burner at 16-28 FC and 17-35 FC at receiving end of pizza oven. Provide at least 50 FC of light in food prep areas., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Some ceiling tiles in dining areas showing water damage and in need of replacement. Large hole in floor in walk in unit, exposing insulation. Floor tiles in kitchen area in need of repair to replace missing grout and cracks in floor. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 3-501.18 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Disposition. - Diced tomatoes in two door reach in marked 3/26-4/1 during inspection on 4/3/2020. Tomatoes held longer than 7 days. Tomatoes discarded. Ensure all food is discarded when necessary., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Several drain flies present in ware washing area, live cockroach seen on wall behind knife container, and cockroach egg sack present in ice scoop container. Per manager, certified pest control operator will be contacted. Conduct effective measures for pest control."
PIZZA INN 2	93.5	"4-602.13 Clean shelving around the dough roller, and exterior or the dough roller. Clean interior of the keg cooler to remove pooled water. Clean grime from dry storage shelves. All other areas from previous inspection were cleaned., 6-501.18 Clean the toilets and urinal in men&#39;s restroom that have buildup on inside and outsides., 4-903.11(A) In the walk-in freezer, beer glasses are stored on shelves with mouthing surface directly touching shelf. Glasses were taken to dish area to wash. Keep glasses stored to protect food-contact or lip-contact surface.  4-901.11 Salad bowls at the buffet were stacked wet. Allow these utensils to air dry completely prior to stacking tightly., 6-501.12 Continue cleaning under beverage machines in upstairs closet. Carpet in upstairs area needs deep cleaning. Clean walls of splashes behind dish area, and behind beverage station. 6-501.11 Continue refinish peeling paint on walls in upstairs storage room and upstairs dining area, as well as on HVAC and stairs. Repair broken and loose tiles at ice machine wall, at dish machine floor, and missing grout around tiles at drains. Repair broken tile at walk-in cooler door. Some other tiles aroun, 3-304.14 Chlorine sanitizer bucket at the pizza cutting station was 0 ppm chlorine. Bucket was changed to 200 ppm. Keep sanitizer at appropriate concentration (50 - 200 ppm for chlorine)., 6-303.11(A) Light is less than 50 ft-cd at the following food/prep areas: steamer to prep table 45-30 ft-cd; prep table by oven cutting table/beverage station 36-25 ft-cd; ice bin 20 ft-cd. Dough work table behind pizza prep unit 25-55 ft-cd to the oven. Prep sink was 30 ft-cd. Dough mixer has 10 ft-cd. Beverage station is 12 ft-cd upstairs, and ice machine maximum 47 F. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in these locations., 6-501.111 Drain flies were present around the floor drain by steamer and dish machine. Perform adequate pest control methods to control pests in establishment."
PLANK ROAD STEAKHOUSE	95.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed potato salad cooling in a container with a sealed lid in 2 door salad cooler. Observed potato salad cooling on salad bar during inspection. Observed several prepped salad bar items over 41F due to them being prepped and not properly cooled before putting on salad bar. Ensure rapid cooling methods are being used when cooling foods. Potato salad was put in an ice bath (cooling from 72 to 55F in 30 minutes) and potato salad on salad bar will be discarded within 4, 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed sanitizer at cook line below 200ppm quaternary and sanitizer solution in bucket under tea urns that was soiled. Ensure sanitizing solution is maintained at 200-400ppm and clean. Both buckets remade to 250ppm. CDI., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to handles/doors of reach-in coolers to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be maintained clean., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Final rinse temperature on dish machine would only reach 170F on dial and 150-155F on dish plate. Dial shoulder read 180F and dish temperature should be 160F. Until dish machine can be serviced and reach proper temperature all dishes shall be manually sanitized in 3 compartment sink. I will return 2/10/22 to verify it&#39;s working properly. VR  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Co"
PLAZA AZTECA	90.5	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed clean utensils being getting wet from dish employee using spray hose to wash dirty containers at 3 compartment sink. Clean utensils shall be stored in an area where they&#39;re protected from splash and contamination. All utensils were pulled to be ran through dish machine. Either do not use hose to wash dishes or move clean utensils from the rack directly above the wash basin of the, 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Observed piping under 3 compartment sink leaking at wash basin. Plumbing shall be maintained in good repair., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed damaged floor tiles along walkway of main cook line and back prep area. Observed baseboard tiles missing right outside of walk-in cooler door and inside walk-in cooler. Observed holes in walling that need to be filled. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair., 7-202-12 Conditions of Use - Establishment was using a disinfectant concentrate to sanitize glassware and cutting boards in kitchen. The manufacture instructions on the back of the container specifies it&#39;s not to be used on food contact utensils. Establishment will not mix germicidal bleach with water at 50-200ppm for sanitizer. Ensure bottles with sanitizer are properly labeled. CDI., 4-102.11 Characteristics - Single-Service and Single-Use - Observed tortillas being stored inside of grocery bags. Grocery bags have printed ink on them that can run once subjected to heat. Use food grade bags to hold tortillas in.  4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Metal rack at dish area and inside walk-in cooler are rusted. Left side reach-in cooler door to salad prep cooler will not seal and walk-in cooler will not seal unless forcefully closed and locked. Walk-in cool, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed all food in walk-in cooler at 44-45F when starting inspection. The ambient temperature inside the unit was 37F. We closed and locked the door and after 1 hour foods were 42-43F. Ensure the door is not being left open prep times and is being completely shut. I will return in 10 days (2/18/22) to ensure the walk-in is maintaining 41F and below. VR, 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness, 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed dish employee washing and rinsing metal food containers and storing them on clean storage shelving. Food contact surfaces that aren&#39;t subject to high temperatures shall be sanitized after cleaning. All were either ran through dish machine or dipped in a 100ppm chlorine sanitizer"
PLAZA SANTA ROSA MEAT MARKET	82.0	"4-502.11(B) &#8211; Good Repair &#8211; Calibration - Food thermometers shall be kept in good repair and operational. Digital food thermometer not working today. Will return to verify the thermometer has been fixed. There is a dial-stem food thermometer in the display cooler being used as an air thermometer. Either repair the digital thermometer or purchase an air thermometer for the display cooler and use the dial stem thermometer as the food thermometer., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 10 foot candles in all areas for cleaning. Lighting is too low in the hallway leading to the walk-in cooler. Recommend 50 foot candles of light here due to the steep increase for employee safety., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Dumpster doors shall be kept closed when not in use. One overhead door open on the cardboard dumpster today. One side door missing on the garbage dumpster.  5-501.111 Area, Enclosures and Receptacles, Good Repair - Receptacles for refuse, recyclables, and returnables shall be kept in good repair. Garbage dumpster is missing its left side door. Recommend calling GFL Environmental to request a replacement., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Working containers of food shall be kept labeled. Containers of spices over the prep sink not labeled today. Label the spices., 6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed, 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Door frame on the left side of the bathroom door is missing. Replace the missing door frame. Coving strips under the 3-compartment sink and near the prep sink have detached from the wall and need to be reattached and sealed to no more than 1 mm. Ceiling tiles over the meat processing area have evidence of, 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals must be kept labeled. Windex bottle containing bleach sanitizer not labeled today. Bottle was emptied. 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria-Chemicals - Chlorine sanitizer shall be between 50 ppm and 200 ppm. Chlorine sanitizer measured 2000 ppm. Sanitizer was corrected to 50 ppm in another container. 7-203.11 Poisonous or Toxic Material Containers-Container Prohibitions - Chemical bottles cannot be reused to store sanitizer. Bott, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Clean and organize the container with spices. Spice bags have opened up and spilled in this container. Clean the display cooler along door frames to remove food debris. Clean the shelving and outsides of orange juice containers in the walk-in cooler to remove mold., 5-402.13 Conveying Sewage - Sewage shall be conveyed through a sanitary sewer system that is maintained according to law.. Mop sink at the back of the facility is filled with dirt and needs to be cleaned out. Water is pooling at the mop sink. Will return to verify this has been corrected., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand sinks shall be equipped with paper towels. No paper towels at the kitchen hand sink today. Paper towels were provided during inspection., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - There shall be a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) available at all hours of operation. No CFPM available today., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests, 6-501.112 Removing Dead or Trapped Birds, Insects, Rodents and other Pest - The facility shall be free of pests. About 10 dead cockroaches seen in the walk-in cooler. Dead American cockroaches seen near the prep sink and dead German cockroaches seen inside of the 2-door reach-in freezer. Live German cockroaches seen in the 2-door reach-in freezer, in the electrical component of the digital scale, on the wall above the prep sink, on the wall above the 3-compartment si, 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Food shall be in good condition. Expired bologna, deli ham, and raw bacon stored at the shelf with food truck supplies. One container of bologna had mold on the inside and outside. Items were all discarded during inspection., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw foods shall be stored separately from ready-to-eat foods. In container for food truck supplies, raw bacon and bologna stored together in a plastic bag. Bag of raw meat stored over pasteurized eggs and gallons of milk. Beef was moved. Bacon and bologna were discarded."
PLUM TREE	95.5	"4-602.13 Clean dust and buildup from back dry spice storage shelves, and from the shelves above the side salad prep table., 6-501.11 Replace missing floor tile and loose baseboards in laundry room. Replace broken ceiling tiles in the both restrooms in main dining area.  6-201.13 Provide baseboard strips around walls in laundry area that are missing.  6-201.18 Wall framing is exposed behind the laundry machines. Cover the wood framing to prevent exposure to moisture.  6-101.11 Replace ceiling tiles in the restrooms, laundry, and above the beverage station that are absorbent with washable, non-absorbent tiles.  6-501.1, 3-302.11(A)(1) In the Beverage Air 2-door cooler, cans and a pan of pasteurized crab meat are stored on the same shelf as raw scallops and raw shrimp. Move pasteurized crab meat to a shelf that is above raw seafood items. Keep cooked and ready-to-eat foods separated from raw animal meats."
POORMANS GRILL	97.5	"3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS being hot held must be kept at or above 135F.  Mash potatoes in hot display were below 135F, PIC verified they were cooked within 30 min.  Item removed and reheated to 165F.  Talked with staff about hot holding and reheating."
POP&#39;S OLD FASHION CHEESEBURGER	99.0	"6-501.11 Bullnose tiles are loose at edge of door in the men&#39;s restroom. Three ceiling tiles in restroom hallway are water damaged. A few floor tiles by the back door have chips in them. Can wash wall corner piece is loose, and a small grout area in the can wash is worn away. Back door is rusty at bottom.  6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - Repair the baseboard strip that is loose behind the ice machine, leaving a gap."
POPEYE&#39;S GREENVILLE	91.5	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Base wall tiles in rear corner near 3 comp sink broken and gap present ceiling tile in this area. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls, and ceilings throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee cigarette stored on shelf with facility products and employee jacket stored directly on top of single service articles. Store all employee personal items in designated areas. CDI: items removed.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Ventilation covers throughout facility in need of cleaning to remove dust and soil accumulation., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Accumulation of waste and other debris present along ground surrounding outdoor dumpster. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean and free of debris., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Coolers, cooking equipment, cooking area, prep area, hood, and shelving throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Fires in hot holding area held at 115-118F. When held hot, TCS products smut be held at 135F or above. CDI: Discarded., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee sweep floor with gloved hands and return to food handling without washing hands or changing gloves. After engaging in activates that contaminate the hands, hands must be washed before returning to food handling. CDI: employee educated and hands washed.  2-301.15 Where to Wash - Observed employee wash hands in prep sink next to hand sink on two occasions. Hands must be washed in designated hand washing area. CDI: discussed hand washing practices with PIC., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Two cases of chicken in walk in unit held above 41F. Chicken in these cases held at 63-74F. Per discussion with PIC, cause of temperature increase unknown. All other temperature observations in walk in unit at 41F or below. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: chicken unpackaged and discarded. See product disposition form."
POPEYE&#39;S LOUISIANA FRIED CHICKEN	94.0	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Ceiling tile missing in main prep area. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Wall in biscuit prep area in need of cleaning to rid flour and margarine accumulations and floors in prep area in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Side doors of outdoor dumpsters observed open. Keep all outdoor waste receptacles closed or covered when not in immediate use.  5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Cardboard and other debris observed on ground surrounding and under dumpster. Keep all outdoor waste areas clean and free of debris., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Air intakes and returns in kitchen and prep areas in need of cleaning to rid dust and soil accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean.  6-305.11 Designation-Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee purse stored in main prep area on shelf with facility products and single service articles. Store all employee personal items in designated areas., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Sides of cooking equipment, bottoms of holding/prep units, bun toaster, chicken warmers, chicken prep unit, and shelving throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sink in men&#39;s restroom not provided hot water at minimum 100F. Water reached maximum of 59F today. PIC attempted to adjust hot water provision, but hot water could not be provided. Hot water must be provided at a minimum of 100F at all hand sinks. Verification required. Will verify by 3/25/2021., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Cheese in sandwich prep area at 43-45F. Cheese stored directly on top of ice in ice bath with no ice contacting sides of container. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below. CDI: Discussed correct use of ice baths with PIC and cheese moved to walk in cooler to chill."
POPPY&#39;S SMOKEHOUSE	96.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Walls in cooking and ware washing areas and floor in cooking areas in need of cleaning to rid soil and or food debris. Keep all physical facilities clean., 3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens. - Disclosure of consumer advisory missing form menus. Reminder present indicating risk of foodborne illness, but asterisk connecting product is missing. A disclosure and reminder must be provided for all raw animal products offered cooked to less than safe minimum cook temperature unless otherwise specified by this code.  CDI: per discussion with PIC, incorrect copy of menu printed., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Sides and rears of cooking equipment in need of cleaning to rid grease and/or food debris accumulation. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cooked onions cooling tightly covered with plastic wrap and brisket cooling in plastic bags not cooling at sufficient rates. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure products are effectively cooled. CDI: brisket removed from packages and onions vented to allow better cooling."
PREMIUM	95.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Install coved baseboards on walling behind fryers, there is a strip of about 6 feet that doesn&#39;t have coved baseboards.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors, baseboards, and walling behind equipment. Ensure physical facilities are being cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed milk, sliced roast beef, turkey, and marinara without date marks on them. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being date marked if not used within 24 hours of opening/making and used within 7 days (date made/opened + 6 days). All were properly dated during inspection. CDI., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed foods at bottom of prep cooler stacked improperly. Ensure raw meats are being stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperatures and ready to eat foods are always stored above raw meats. Raw beef was over sauce bottles, raw chicken was stored above peppers/onions and sliced beef. Observed whole cuts of beef and bacon in packaging stored in the same box as tubes of ground beef. Whole beef and bacon wer, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed beef meat residue left on meat slicer. Ensure meat slicer is being fully washed, rinsed, and sanitized at least every 4 hours, after being used, or between switching between meats. Slicer was broken down and fully cleaned and sanitized during inspection. CDI. Observed build-up on blade of can opener, ensure can opener is being cleaned daily. Can opener cleaned and sanitized during inspection. CDI.  4-602.11(e)(4)(b) Equ"
PROFESSOR O COOLS	93.0	"6-101.11 Carpet is on floor in front of the hand sink in the women&#39;s restroom #2. Replace with a nonabsorbent floor due to exposure to moisture.  6-501.11 Repair holes in walls in kitchen area. Replace stained ceiling tiles in upstairs storage area. Seal loose baseboard by the dish machine area, and in the men&#39;s restroom #1 around toilet. Repair loose floor tiles by toilet in women&#39;s restroom #1. Repair peeling wall areas above True cold prep unit. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions -, 2-402.11 Two employees with facial hair were working in the kitchen area with exposed food without hair restraints. Employees with facial hair shall wear beard guards while cooking or handling food., 6-303.11(C) Light at the beverage station ice bin was 22 ft-cd, 33 - 46 ft-cd at Expo station, under hood was 13-36 ft-cd, 30 ft-cd at steam unit and chicken breading station, and at bar ice bin 2 ft-cd. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in these locations. Light in women&#39;s #2 restroom was 11 ft-cd. Light at glass storage at bar was 1 ft-cd, and light at utensil storage in kitchen was 13 ft-cd. Provide at least 20 ft-cd here., 4-501.11 The panel on the True cold prep unit flip-up lid is loose, exposing insulation. Door panel on the walk-in cooler door is also loose, and insulation is exposed. Wood is exposed at both walk-in cooler door thresholds. Repair to cover exposed gaps, and the air gap at bottom of the door as well. Other items from previous inspection were repaired., 4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment - The inside top of the microwave, and the panini grill, both had food debris not cleaned from the previous evening. Ensure these cooking appliances are cleaned at least daily to remove food debris., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - In the top of the M3 cold prep unit, three packages of various noodles were above 41 F (47 F, 43 F, 43 F). All other TCS foods here were measured at 41 F or less. Discussed storage some of these above the fill line of the pan. Also discussed storage in another area of the cooler if this area has difficulty holding TCS foods at 41 F or less. Pans of noodles were removed to cool in the bottom area of th"
PRUITT HEALTH - FARMVILLE	96.0	"6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Light fixture near clean utensil storage rack is currently not working and light under hood is blown. Have lighting repaired so that there&#39;s 20 foot candles of lighting at utensil storage rack (currently 10 foot candles) and 50 foot candles under hood (currently 40 foot candles)., 4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Observed containers used to hold clean utensils that needed additional cleaning. Keep containers clean and free from build-up. Both were put at 3 compartment sink to be cleaned.  4-803.11 Storage of Soiled Linens - Observed soiled wash cloths sitting on counter near dish machine. Have soiled wash cloths stored in a nonabsorbent receptacle., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Door frame in walk-way going into dry storage is in poor repair, door frame shall be smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under racks in walk-in dry storage and on outside of walk-in cooler to remove dust build-up. Physical facilities shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria-Chemicals - Sanitizer in 3 compartment sink was 500ppm quaternary ammonia. PIC said that the chemical dispenser has been running a lot longer then normal. Have chemical dispenser repaired so that it dispensers the appropriate amount of chemical for the sanitizer to read 200-400ppm. In the meantime dilute the solution with water. CDI, 3-501.18 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Disposition. - Observed deli sandwiches in reach-in cooler past 7 days old and observed opened bag of lettuce mix on walk-in without a date on it. Ensure ready to eat potentially hazardous food is being dated and discarded within 7 days (date made/opened + 6 days). All were discarded during inspection. CDI"
PRUITT HEALTH - FARMVILLE - (Lodging)	94.5	".1319(c), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Observed wheelchairs and bed chairs that needed cleaning throughout them. These shall be cleaned often enough to be kept clean., .1318(a) Miscellaneous - Observed opened patient diapers stored on flooring in closets and observed toilet paper and hand towels stored on flooring inside of outside storage sheds. Keep patient care items at least 8&quot; off the ground.  .1318(a) Miscellaneous - Observed shelving in dry storage that was very brittle and falling apart. Shelving shall easy cleanable., .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Observed damaged walls and ceilings in rooms and restrooms throughout facility. Ensure walls and ceilings are kept in a state of good repair and easily cleanable. Room 6 wall guard and cracked bathroom tile. Laundry walls. Room 13 bathroom wall. Room 16 ceiling tile stained.  .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Cleaning needed to flooring in some patient closets and along window seals in bathrooms., .1312(c) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Observed bed pans and urinals in shared bathrooms without labels and in need of cleaning. Ensure these are being labeled with the patients name and cleaned between uses., .1312(e) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - No hot water available at hand sink in laundry room due to knob missing. Hand sink shall have hot/cold mixing faucet and water shall be able to reach 100F."
PT&#39;S OLDE FASHIONED GRILLE	99.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Wet fry boats were stacked in a plastic bus tub while still wet. Boats were placed in the dish machine area to rewash. Ensure utensils are allowed to air dry prior to stacking them. 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - The bus pan with fry boats stored in it was greasy. Container was placed at the dish machine. Stored clean utensils in a clean location to prevent contamin, 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the top and sides of the dish machine to remove debris and buildup."
PUBLIX DELI #1569	98.5	"3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS food that are being hot held must be kept at 135 degree F or above.  Chicken, ribs and wings at the hot bar all were out of temp today 105-115 degrees F.  PIC discontinued service for items and discarded.  CDI"
PUBLIX MEAT MARKET	99.5	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Equipment and utensils shall be allowed to air dry. Stack of grey plastic tubs in the main walk-in cooler stacked wet today. Tubs were separated to allow for proper air drying."
PUBLIX SEAFOOD MARKET	99.5	2-303.11 Prohibition-Jewelry - The only jewelry that food employees are permitted to wear on the hands and wrists is a plain band such as a wedding band. Food employee seen with a ring with stones in it today. Managers reminded employee that they are only permitted to wear smooth bands.
QUALITY INN	96.5	".1828 - Observed employee carrying clean linen in her arms. Another employee has a clear trash bag of linen stored on the ground outside of the room before placing on the cart. Handle linen in a manner to protect against contamination. Linen and tissue stored on the floor. Keep items stored on shelving., .1826 - Crumbs observed in cushions in room 105 and 200. Vents in all rooms need dusting. Vent grate in room 200 torn. Bathroom countertop in room 135 chipped.  Showerhead metal escutcheon loose in room 105. Keep all furnishing in good repair and clean."
QUALITY INN BREAKFAST BAR	94.5	"4-301.11 Cooling, Heating, and Holding Capacities-Equipment - Refrigerator in kitchen and back office not maintaining temperature. Domestic refrigerators used. Keep food at 41 degrees or below., 4-501.114 - Dish detergent and sanitizer mixed in first compartment. Educated food employee how to properly set up a 2 comp sink for proper washing and sanitizing of dishes. Corrected during inspection. New dish water and sanitizer made. Showed food employee how to rinse dishes over wash compartment., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Milk in carafes, milk in small refrigerator in kitchen and yogurt in back office not maintaining food at 41 degrees F or below. Keep food at 41 degrees F or below. Corrected during inspection. Milk discarded and through education., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager on duty at time of inspection."
QUARTER&#39;S BAR &amp; GRILL	93.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - The ice scoop holder had lots of debris in the bottom, as well as an unopened mask. Holder and ice scoop were placed in the warewashing sink to wash and sanitize. Ensure the ice scoop holder is maintained clean., 2-302.11 Maintenance - Fingernails, 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Employee does not have a beard restraint to cover goatee. Employees with facial hair shall keep it covered when handling exposed food., 4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - No working food thermometer was available. Provide a working food thermometer to ensure food temperatures can be ascertained. At end of inspection, owner delivered two food thermometers., 4-301.12 Manual Warewashing, Sink Compartment Requirements - (D) The 2-compartment prep sink that is used for manual warewashing of bar glasses requires the permit holder to obtain a approval through the use of a Variance application to NC DHHS. Procedure is posted above the sink, but no variance has been approved. Will email a copy of the Variance application. Undercounter dish machine has not been installed., 6-501.115 Prohibiting Animals - A dog was sitting behind the bar next to where ice is transferred to ice bins. Discussed with the general manager, and dog was moved to front side of bar to await pickup. Do not allow animals to be in areas where food is handled or stored., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the True 3-door cooler, a pan of turkey burgers were stored on same shelf as impossible burgers, and raw bacon. Impossible burgers were moved to the top shelf, and turkey burgers were moved to bottom shelf. Also, two packs of raw chicken were in same pan as ground beef chub. Both were unopened. Chicken was placed on lowest shelf. Keep raw animal foods separated by species, and keep non-animal foods stored on shel, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (C) A potato fry slicer was not washed after last fry cutting, which manager declared was two days ago. Unit was pulled to wash. Ensure that food-contact surfaces are washed within four hours of use."
QUARTERDECK (THE BUCCANEER)	97.5	"4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - No food thermometer was available during inspection. PIC had a food thermometer in his personal vehicle and brought it during inspection. Ensure accurate food thermometer is available during operation. CDI., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Metal edging along behind flat top grill is coming off the wall, have it resealed to walling. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Freq, 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed open package of sliced cheddar cheese and hot dogs in 2 door reach-in cooler. They had not been opened today, ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being date marked whe"
R &amp; B&#39;S KOUNTRY KITCHEN	85.0	"4-502.13 Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Use Limitations - Observed aluminum foil baking pans in 3 compartment sink during inspection. They are single-use articles and shall not be used as multi-use utensils. Discarded during inspection. CDI., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in dry storage ranges from 1-7 foot candles and at main steam table 20-30 foot candles. Lighting in dry storage shall be 10 foot candles and 50 foot candles at steam table. Increase lighting., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed wet wiping cloths stored on counter when starting inspection. Wet cloths shall be discarded or stored in a properly mixed sanitizer between uses. PIC discarded cloths and replaced with clean and dry cloths. CDI., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods -  Floors, walls, and ceilings throughout facility are damaged in several areas. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair and easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to floors, walls, and ceiling throughout facility to remove build-up. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager -  PIC does not have a certified food protection certification. Certified food protection manager shall be present during inspection., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Chest freezer in outside storage room is heavily rusted and gasket is torn. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair.  4-201.11 Equipment and Utensils - Durability and Strength - Establishment is using tupperware containers as multi-use containers. They do not meet the cleanability or durability standards for a multi-use food container approved in commercial kitchens. Replace containers with commercial food containers., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Containers used to store utensils have build-up inside of them. Clean utensils shall be stored on clean surfaces. Containers shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed bags of clean linens stored on ground in dry storage room. Keep clean linens stored 6&quot; up off, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to dry storage shelving, on shelving where fan is stored in kitchen, hood grates, and at bottom of chest freezer to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces throughout facility shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 3-201.11 Compliance with Food Law - Cake being made at owners home is being served at establishment. Foods made at a private home shall not be sold in establishment. Cakes removed from establishment during inspection. CDI., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge -  PIC shall ensure duties A-P are being followed, several of these violations were cited during inspection. These are priority items that prevent foodborne illness. Educated PIC during inspection. CDI., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed opened jug of milk, cooked mac n cheese, rutabagas, chicken and turkey in reach-in cooler without date marks on them. All were made over 24 hours ago and shall be date marked. All dated during inspection, ensure ready to eat TCS food is discarded within 7 days. CDI., 6-202.16 Exterior Walls and Roofs, Protective Barrier - Observed holes in brick foundation of building. Have hole repaired/filled to prevent pest,rodent,animal entry 6-202.15 Outer Openings, Protected - Observed gap between window A/C unit and wall in room where water heater is at.  Have hole closed off to prevent pest, rodent, or animal entry to establishment., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Inside of 1 door reach-in cooler I observed cured ham stored with vegetables, head of cabbage stored on top of package of raw chicken, and raw chicken stored above raw pork chops. Ensure foods are being stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperatures inside of refrigeration to prevent cross contamination. Reach-in re-arranged during inspection to correct order. CDI."
RAISING CANE&#39;S AT MCSC	99.5	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Observed open box of gloves stored next to hand sink at register area with water inside box. Keep single-use articles in areas where they&#39;re protected. Top layer of gloves removed and discarded. Boxed moved during inspection. CDI."
RED HOT MOBILE CAFE	96.0	"3-304.14 Two wet towels were lying on prep tables on each side of the cook area, and had no sanitizer buckets were available. Provide sanitizer buckets for these towels as discussed with appropriate sanitizer concentration to hold wet or in-use towels between uses., 3-501.16(A)(1) ON the stove was a pot of chili that had cooled to 125 F due to lack of heat provided. Burner was turned on, and chili reheated to 205 F. Ensure that TCS foods are maintained at 135 F or higher at all times., 2-102.12 No Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) was available during inspection. Establishment must have a CFPM during operating hours."
RED LOBSTER #571	95.0	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - All buckets of sanitizer tested below 150PPM quaternary ammonia during inspection. Ensure sanitizer in buckets is being changed out frequently enough to be maintained at 150PPM-400PPM and clean. All remade to 200-300PPM during inspection. CDI., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed stacks of food containers wet. Allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them on one another., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Observed discard time for diced tomatoes in salad prep cooler at 3PM. At 3:10PM diced tomatoes were not discarded and were 53F. PIC had tomatoes discarded and restocked. Ensure foods held on time as a public health control are discarded after 4 hours. CDI."
RED OAK ASSISTED LIVING - (Lodging)	93.0	".1318(a) Miscellaneous - Patient care items and consumables shall be stored 8 inches above the floor. Several boxes of gowns on the floor in 201. Adult diapers on the floor in 206, 211, 102, and 100 hall linen closet., .1311(b) or (c) Lighting, Ventilation and Moisture Control - Ventilation equipment shall be kept clean and in good repair. Vents need cleaning in 206 and 112. Observed a few dead bugs on A/C unit in 211., .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Walls and ceilings shall be kept clean and in good repair. Dirty wall above bed in room 211. Slight ceiling damage in 100 hall shower room. Wall damaged in 200 hall lounge room behind chairs., .1319(a), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Furnishings shall be in good repair. Couch in 100 lounge is peeling and chair in 112 is worn and needs to be replaced. Torn sheet on bed in room 102., .1317(a) Vermin Control: Premises : Animal Maintenance - Vermin shall be excluded from facility. Observed a few roaches in 100 main hallway, a roach behind the toilet in 100, and dead bugs on the A/C unit in 211. Consider having pest control come and treat facility more often., .1309 Floors - Floors shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed by baseboards around A/C unit and underneath sink in 206 bathroom. Clean up dead insects from hall floors."
RED OAK ASSISTED LIVING KITCHEN	99.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Hood baffles have accumulated dust. Shelving in walk-in in need of cleaning., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Shelving is rusty and chipping in the walk-in. Floors in the walk-in cooler need to be resurfaced where rust is occurring. Shelving above 3-comp sink has been painted/repaired."
"RED OAK GRILL &amp; GROCERY, INC"	90.0	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at prep surface is 30-40 foot candles. Two light fixtures are currently out. Have light fixtures repaired. Lighting at prep surfaces shall be 50 foot candles., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - PIC shall ensure employees are using safe food handling practices and are trained properly. Several priority violations were cited today., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring and walling in kitchen area. Behind cooking equipment and 2 compartment sink. Physical facilities shall be maintained clean and free from build-up., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: inside prep cooler, bottom of reach-in freezer, handles of refrigeration, doors/framing of refrigeration, on top/sides of cooking equipment. All nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed eggs, sliced cheese, and hot dogs in prep unit at 43-44F. Unit is set to 33F and the digital reading was 39F. The top of prep unit wasn&#39;t being sealed properly by using the brackets and putting containers into them. Have brackets ordered so that the top of unit is being kept sealed. I will be back Monday to verify unit is holding food at 41F and below. VR., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee handle raw ground beef with multiple gloves on and take off the first layer of gloves to then handle sliced cheese after. Employees shall wash their hands when changing from handling raw foods to ready to eat foods even if they have gloves on. Employees cannot put on multiple gloves and remove layers of gloves when they&#39;re soiled. Gloves can easily tear and causing the next layer of glove to become soiled. Employee was trained during inspection. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed metal and plastic food containers stored on clean storage rack with grease build-up on the outside and under the lips. Food containers shall be cleaned thoroughly to remove debris inside and outside. Containers shall be clean to sight and touch. All put at 3 compartment sink during inspection. CDI.  4-702.11 Before Use After Cleaning - Observed employee washing dishes without sanitizing them. They we"
RED ROBIN	96.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed missing floor tiles in walk-in cooler near walk-in freezer door, have floor tiles replaced or area filled. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under refrigeration and cooking equipment at cook line to remove build-up. Floors shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed ice build-up on condenser, ceiling, and walls of walk-in freezer. Have unit serviced to fix problem causing excessive ice build-up. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed containers where sauce bottles, sauce tops, plates, and single-use plates are stored with debris throughout them. Ensure these areas/containers are being changed or cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to rack in reach-in cooler at cook line and on shelving at cook line to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed grilled chicken and grilled chicken wings in low drawer of fryer prep cooler at 46-48F. Both were discarded during inspection. Do not use lower drawers for TCS foods until it&#39;s maintaining 41F and below. Observed diced tomatoes, cheese sauce, and lettuce in lower left drawer cooler at 43-45F. These items were at the very front of the drawer, they were moved to the back and cooled to 41F within 1"
REP EXPRESS LLC	97.5	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Ceilings damaged in kitchen area and same room as reach-in freezer and banquet warmer. Other repairs from last inspection have been completed., 5-501.11 Outdoor Storage Surface - Outdoor receptacle storage surfaces must be nonabsorbent such as a concrete slab. Dumpsters are stored on grass and gravel. Move onto parking lot surface or pour new concrete slab., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - RTE TCS foods shall be date marked with prep date before placing in freezer to ensure 7 day date marking is being followed when food is thawed. Burgers, breaded chicken, and sirloin and gravy in the freezer was not date marked. Rice thawing in walk-in with a date of 2/17. CDI - discussed with PIC, stated they freeze same day as prep/cook and will thaw and use up in same day. Ensure prep dates, freeze dates, and thaw"
RIBEYES OF GREENVILLE	94.5	"6-305.11 Designation-Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employee keys stored on storage cart with facility products. Store all employee items in designated areas., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - One gasket of meat prep cooler and gasket of seafood cooler observed torn. Keep all equipment in good repair., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Weight and food rack of grill, sides of toast grill, and flap of ice machine in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Large plastic containers observed with residual food debris after cleaning. Food contact surfaces must be kept clean. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Containers placed in ware washing area to be washed again."
RIDGEWOOD ELEMENTARY CAFETERIA	99.0	5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Equipment storage cart obstructing hand sink in ware washing area.  Hand sinks shall be maintained so that they are accessible at all times for employee use. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Cart removed.
RIVER OAK ASSISTED LIVING - (Lodging)	94.5	".1323(c) Food Supplies and Protection - Canned beverages for residents stored directly on floor in activity room. Food must be stored above the floor., .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Walls, and ceilings throughout facility in need of repair. Window sills and frames throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all walls, and ceilings clean and in good repair., .1311(b) or (c) Lighting, Ventilation and Moisture Control - Ceiling fan in primary medication room and air vents throughout facility in need of cleaning. Ventilation equipment shall be kept clean and in good repair., .1319(a), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Cabinets in medication room and some furniture in resident rooms showing signs of wear. Cabinets in medication room missing knobs in some areas. Chairs in lounge area/sitting room in need of cleaning to remove debris. Keep all furniture in good repair., .1319(b), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Linens on some beds observed with damage, staining, and debris. Receptacle for soiled linens in laundry area not labeled. Linens shall be changed as required and receptacles for soiled linens must be labeled."
RIVER OAK CAFETERIA	96.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Shelving in rear food storage area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Shelving in utility equipment storage area clean today., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Cups in clean equipment storage area observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Rear shelving for storing clean bowls and containers in need of cleaning. Equipment and utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry location., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw whole muscle beef stored directly on top of bottled beverages and raw sausage stored directly above whole muscle pork in front reach in unit. Food must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Product moved to correct storage order."
"RJ&#39;S FAMOUS CHICKEN, BBQ, RIBS"	97.0	"6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 50 foot candles at all food prep and handling areas. Pit room is dim and less than 50 foot candles at ovens, steamers, etc. Increase lighting here., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned. Fryers need cleaning on outsides. Other items listed on last inspection looked clean., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name of chemical. Observed two spray bottles with bleach unlabeled. CDI - bottles discarded., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be in good repair. Seals on a few of the hot boxes need to be repaired. All dry storage shelving and prep tables have been replaced with new ones. Much improvement from last inspection."
ROAD RUNNER CAFE	85.5	"6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (B)(3) Light by utensil storage rack was 9 ft-cd. Provide at least 20 foot candles in this area. (C) Light at the back room prep and wrapping tables by the cooler area was 8-30 ft-cd. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in this area. 6-305.11 Designation-Dressing Areas and Lockers - A radio was stored on the prep table in main kitchen area where food was being processed. Provide a location for the radio that will keep it stored in an area away from equipment, an away from foo, 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - A plastic container of gravy with a lid was cooling on the prep table, and cooled from 118 F to 117 F in 21 minutes (rate of 0.047 F/minute). From 135 F to 70 F, TCS foods shall cool at rate of 0.54 F/minute or higher. Container was placed in water bath, but was later put in a freezer. Use rapid cooling methods to cool TCS foods from 135 F-70 F in 2 or less hours, and from 70-41 F in 4 or less hours., 4-904.11 Kitchenware and Tableware-Preventing Contamination - Customer self-service forks, knives, and spoons are stored in containers with lip-contact surfaces facing opposite directions. Keep utensils stored and dispensed to prevent customers from contacting the food-contact surface of the utensils., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - The hand sink at kitchen entrance had a spoon and a soap bottle sitting in the hand sink. Both were removed. Keep hand sinks clear of objects that may hinder or obstruct handwashing. 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - (C) The hot water at the hand sink in the women&#39;s restroom has a self-metering device that runs 10 seconds. Adjust to allow 15 seconds of continuous flow., 5-501.11 Outdoor Storage Surface - Outdoor garbage disposal is stored on gravel, and grease receptacles are stored on dirt area in woods. Store outdoor receptacles on an impermeable surface, such as concrete or asphalt, that is sloped to drain. 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Several containers outside around building have trash in them, or have standing water. Provide lids for these equipment pieces, or discard them to prevent collection of rainwater and harborage/attractant, 4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - The crock pot used for reheating and hot holding chili is labeled as a &quot;Household Use Only&quot; product. Replace this equipment with a piece of equipment designed to meet ANSI/NSF standards., 2-302.11 Maintenance-Fingernails - Employee with nail polish was not wearing gloves during food handling. Employee acquired gloves after discussion. Employees with nail polish shall wear gloves when handling exposed food.  2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Two employees were not wearing hair restraints while handling exposed food. Employees shall keep hair covered when handling exposed food. 2-303.11 Prohibition-Jewelry - Employee was wearing several bracelets while handling exposed food., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - TPHC Chart was not filled out this morning for hot/cold items. Discussed use of chart, and filling out. Eggs were discarded that were on table. PIC updated the TPHC chart, and discarded unused items at 4-hour mark. Ensure TPHC chart is filled out per procedures., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - On the table by the cook line was a pan of grits that was pulled for reheating this morning, but was never reheated. After temperature was taken, owner declared item to be discarded, but was later found in the True cooler. Product was pulled from here and discarded. Ensure that TCS foods are reheated or kept under refrigeration until needed., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee used hands to break raw shell eggs for an order, but only wiped hands on apron, and did not wash hands prior to donning new gloves. Discussed with employee washing hands as required after handling raw animal foods. Employee washed hands. Ensure employees understand when to wash hands, including after potential contamination."
ROCK SPRINGS KITCHEN	96.0	"5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Observed trash on ground around outside dumpsters. Ensure area is being kept clean. Remove any items in dumpster area that will collect water to prevent pest harborage., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed sanitizer bucket stored on prep table during inspection. Keep sanitizer bucket stored down below food prep surfaces to prevent any cross contamination if spilled. Bucket was moved to lower shelving during inspection. CDI, 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed missing floor tiling around floor drain at cook line. Flooring in walk-in freezer is warped and damaged. Flooring shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring in outdoor walk-in freezer. Physical facilities shall be maintained clean., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed cheese residue build-up on backside of slicer blade. Ensure slicer is being cleaned and sanitized every 4 hours or after it&#39;s being used if not continuously in-use. Slicer will not be used today and will be properly cleaned and sanitized. CDI.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed sticky residues on outside of several food containers stacked"
ROCK SPRINGS MOBILE FOOD TRAILER	94.0	"3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Sliced tomatoes stored under open shelving in small reach in unit. Keep food covered. Corrected during inspection. Food covered. Improvement made from last inspection., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Chicken and siders in upright reach in not at 41 degrees F or below. Keep food at correct temperature. Corrected during inspection. Food moved to freezer for rapid cooling., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Okra not holding at 135 degrees F or higher. Keep food at correct temperature. Corrected during inspection. Okra discarded."
RUBY TUESDAY 4296	92.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on door seals in prep units on the line., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Floors, walls, and ceilings shall be kept in good repair. Repair/replace broken and missing tiles throughout kitchen. Repair broken drain grate on the line., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Dish machine and gauges not working properly. Have repaired., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Potentially hazardous foods shall be cooled rapidly. Items on salad bar cooling from prep. Cool these foods to 41F in walk-in before placing on salad bar as there is not sufficient cold air flow to properly cool., 4-501.112 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Hot Water Sanitization Temperatures - Rinse water in high heat dish machine shall reach 180F, dishes shall reach 160F. Thermoplate reading 140-154F during inspection. Will return by 4/4/2021 to verify correct sanitizing temperatures. Can still use dish machine for washing, but must sanitize all dishes using quat sanitizer provided and allowing to air dry., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Potentially hazardous foods shall be cold held at 41F or below. Many items in prep units and cold drawers above 41F. PIC stated this is due to units being open during lunch rush. CDI - all units fully closed, discussed with PIC about improving work practices. 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Salad bar had several items above 41F. Units loo"
RUBY TUESDAY 4296	93.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Equipment and utensils shall be air dried after sanitizing. Observed one wet stack of dishes at drying location. Improvement from last inspection., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed food debris on one container on dish drying shelf and on slicer drying on 3-comp sink, along with several lids and dishes with old date marking stickers on them. CDI - items moved to dirty dish area., 3-504.14 Cooling - TCS foods shall be cooled from 135F to 41F within a total of 6 hours. Rice and noodles individually bagged in the walk-in on the speed rack not at or below 41F and were cooked and cooled last night. CDI - items discarded. Appropriate cooling methods discussed., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be separated to prevent cross-contamination. Observed raw burger patties stored on top of steaks in the far left reach-in and unpackaged raw breaded shrimp over mozzarella sticks and fries in the right reach-in line freezer. Several uncovered containers in the reach-in line freezer and one opened box of food in the walk-in freezer. CDI - items rearranged properly., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Handsinks may only be used for handwashing and not for storage. Observed wiping cloth and spatula stored in line handsink. CDI - items removed."
RUN-A BOAT JAMAICAN EATERY	94.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed large plastic bin with closed lid of cut cabbage stored in kitchen double door upright reach in cooler.  After ~45 minutes of cooling there was no temperature change from 65 degrees F.  CDI employee separated cut cabbage into smaller containers.  Cooling shall be accomplished with following an approved cooling method., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed a number of flies throughout kitchen.  Noticed that there was a trash bin outside the back door was attracting flies and they would enter when door opened.  Recommended moving this trash bin further away from the door and contacting pest control specialist to remove flies from location., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Observed jerk chicken (120F-150F) and plantains (102F) on the steam table being hot held.  These items were removed and discarded.  Items being hot held must be kept at 135F and above., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils -   Observed food containers and utensils on dry racks with greasy residue and and food debris.  Containers removed from clean shelving by employee and taken to be cleaned and sanitized.  Food contact surfaces shall be thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues before storing clean. CDI 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Observed scoop stored in flour bin with residue build-up on sc"
RUN-A-BOAT JAMAICAN RESTAURANT	97.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed three large containers of ox tail and goat cooling after they were prepped and marinated. They were cooling in large plastic containers with lids on them and were 55-60F. In 30 minutes the meats did not cool 1F. PIC halved all the portions and rapidly cooled them in the freezer. They cooled below 50F within the next 30 minutes. Ensure foods are cooled in shallow containers that are vented. CDI., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Observed sanitizer bucket sitting in back hand sink. Hand sinks shall be maintained clean of storage and only used for hand washing. Bucket was moved during inspection. CDI., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed spray bottle with no label on it. Solution inside was 2000PPM chlorine and was being used as a sanitizer. Ensure spray bottles are labeled with name of solution inside, solution was reduced to 100PPM chlorine and labeled sanitizer. CDI. Observed sanitizing buckets being used for sanitizing towels and one for dirty towels. Ensure buckets are properly labeled, recommend labeling dirty bucket so towels from it are not being used for sanitizing. L"
SADIE SAULTER SCHOOL CAFETERIA	99.5	"4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - The wash water in the 3-compartment sink was being used for utensil washing, and was 107 F. Warm water was added to increase to 111 F. Ensure at least 110 F hot water is used when dishwashing."
SAKURA ASIAN EXPRESS	95.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage -  In-use utensils shall be stored in food in a manner that prevents contamination from hands. Observed spoon and scoop handles lying in pepper powder and brown sugar at prep table., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with the common name. Observed chemical spray bottle in dish area without a label. CDI - PIC labeled bottle., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces -  Some cleaning needed inside 3 door reach-in, racks of the top/bottom reach-in, and bottom of the reach-in freezer., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored above ready to eat foods. Foods shall be covered while in storage. Observed raw shrimp thawing above bag of spinach in the reach-in. Some open bags of wontons in the reach-in freezer. CDI - shrimp moved to bottom shelf, bags closed in freezer."
SALSARITAS #119	97.5	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Doors open on dumpster. Keep close., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager on duty at time of inspection."
SAM JONES BBQ	98.0	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Outdoor receptacles shall be closed with tight fitting lids and/or doors. Doors open on main dumpsters and lid open on charcoal dumpster. CDI - PIC closed doors and lids., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on soda concentrate rack. PIC stated it is set to be replaced soon. Much improvement from last inspection., 6-202.15 Outer Openings, Protected - Outer openings of a food establishment shall be protected by entry of insects with closed, tight fitting doors and windows, or if open for ventilation, screens or air curtains. Doors and windows open to the smokehouse. New smoker area not protected from pests since it is not fully enclosed. 6-202.16 Exterior Walls and Roofs, Protective Barrier - Perimeter walls and roofs of a food establishment shall effectively protect the establishment from the weather and"
SAM S CLUB   6216	98.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Prepped pizzas (56 F) in the walk in where enclosed with a heavy plastic covering.  There was minimal temperature change after 20 mins.  Talked with PIC about letting prepped pizza cool properly before enclosing with plastic.  Enclosure was removed by PIC and pizzas were able to rapidly cool.  During cooling items should be vented or loosely covered to allow items to rapidly cool.  CDI, 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sinks in bathrooms water temp was able to heat up past 76 F.  PIC placed an emergency work order for maintenance to come and repair. Handwashing sinks shall be equipped to provide water of at least 100 F.   6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand sink on the front line was missing paper towels.  PIC added paper towels during inspection, CDI.  Hand drying provisions must be available at hand sinks."
SAMS CLUB DELI 6216	98.5	"3-501.13 Thawing - In the 3-compartment sink, bags of thawing/thawed pot pie mix and stuffed pepper mix were 60 - 70 F, and a thawed package of stuffed pepper mix was 70 F on the roll cart, which was thawed also in this sink. All were immersed in 83 F water. Discussed thawing procedure, and manager ordered products discarded. Ensure TCS foods that are ready-to-eat do not rise above 41 F while thawing, and running water is 70 F or less., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - The hand sink waste pipe at the rotisserie chicken cook area was detached from the waste outlet, and wastewater from the hand sink was flowing onto the floor; wastewater was flowing to the floor drain uner the rotisserie ovens. Repair this pipe to ensure wastewater does not flow across the floor."
SAMS CLUB MEAT MARKET	98.5	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single service items shall be stored in a clean, dry location and protected from splash or other contamination.  Meat trays and pads on the prep table had visible liquid spray on them and some were sitting in liquid.  Employee stated that he had wash, rinse and sanitized the table opposite table and splash come from the cleaning.  A few of the meat trays had visible raw meat debris.  PIC disca, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Non food contact surfaces shall be kept free of food residue.  Observed dried food debris on white meat trays stored clean.  Additional cleaning need on PUMA meat slicer on splash guards and underneath where conveyor detaches to remove food debris.  Employee rewashed trays and PUMA machine."
SANTA ROSA TACOS	92.0	"6-101.11 Surface Characteristics-Indoor Areas - Floor, wall, and ceiling surfaces must be smooth and easily cleanable. Hole cut in the back wall of the grill area is not smooth and easily cleanable. Circular cut is jagged and not smooth. Need a smooth and easily cleanable transition here., 4-204.112(B) Temperature Measuring Devices-Functionality - Coolers shall be equipped with thermometers. Reach-in cooler does not have an air thermometer. Digital integrated thermometer is broken. Place a thermometer in the cooler., 6-303.11(B) Intensity-Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 20 foot candles (fc) at all hand sinks. Lighting is low at the hand sink (3-5 fc). Increase lighting here to 20 fc.  6-303.11(C) Intensity-Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 50 foot candles at all areas where food is handled. Lighting is low under the hood (7-23 fc), at the prep sink (9-14 fc), and the tabletop cooler (39-42 fc). Increase lighting here to 50 fc., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Hands shall be washed with soap for 10-15 seconds. Employee rinsed hands in the prep sink and then dried them. Instructed employee to rewash hands with soap in the hand sink. Employees must wash hands with soap.  2-301.15 Where to Wash - Hands must be washed in hand sinks. Employee washed hands in the prep sink upon entry. Instructed employee to rewash hands in the hand sink. Do not use the prep sink for washing hands., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - There shall be a certified food protection manager (CFPM) available at all hours of operation. No CFPM available today., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Hand sinks shall be accessible at all times. Upon entry, tub of soapy water was in the hand sink. Tub was moved during inspection so hands could be washed. Do not store anything in the hand sink."
SAPPARI JAPANESE STEAK HOUSE	94.0	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - The dish machine still has scale buildup inside, on top, and inside corners. Clean the scale buildup, and clean as often as necessary to preclude accumulation of buildup., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Several utensil pans and trays had water in them while stacked on the air dry rack. Ensure that utensils are allowed to air dry completely prior to stacking., 6-303.11(B)(3) Light at plate and single-use storage in hallway was &amp;lt;1-3 ft-cd, and 0.5-1 ft-cd at beverage station glass storage. Service sink has light at 7 ft-cd. At bar, light is max 5 -7 ft-cd at 3-compartment sink and hand sink. Provide at least 20 ft-cd in these locations.  6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (C) Light at three cooking stations was 7-5 ft-cd. Light at beverage station ice bin was 43 ft-cd. Light was 44 ft-cd at prep sink and rice warmer, 40 ft-cd at fryer, as well as 43 ft-c, 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics-Indoor Areas - (A)(3) Ceiling tiles above the bar area are acoustic tiles. Replace these tiles with nonabsorbent ceiling tiles. 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Repair wall and floor tiles at dish storage area and back hallway that are chipped/broken, as well as at hibachi grill stations, in hallway, at bar floor drain, and at drain by ice machine. Repair chipped paint on wall at dish rack and at can wash. Tiles are cra, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (E)(4) There is some mildew growth around the interior chute. Clean ice machines as often as necessary to preclude microbial growth. 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - The slicer had been used and washed in the dish machine, but still had food debris on it. Several utensil pans also had some debris inside of them. Ensure food-contact surfaces have debris removed during pre-cle"
SAVE A LOT	95.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Bottom of customer self service display cooler and covers of fan units in walk in and cutting room in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single service meat trays observed with varying degrees of meat splatter. Some trays stained but some trays observed with larger pieces as well. Single service articles smut be stored in such a way that prevents their contamination. CDI: contaminated trays discarded. Recommend keeping trays in original plastic packaging or storing in a different location., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw pork sausage stored above whole muscle pork chops and ground beef stored above whole muscle steaks. Foods must be stored according to ready to eat status and minimum safe cook temperature to prevent cross contamination. CDI: Items moved to correct storage orders. Raw chicken correctly stored today., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Chemical spray bottle and drying wiping cloths stored hanging in hand sink. Hand sinks shall be used for not tasks other than hadn washing. CDI: items removed."
SAWYER&#39;S FUN PARK	97.0	"3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In pizza prep cooler,m raw chicken stored above raw shrimp. IN rear reach in unit, raw ground beef patties stored above thawing container of raw shrimp. Products must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination. Corrected during inspection (CDI): products moved to correct storage locations."
SEARED CHOPHOUSE	93.5	"3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens - No consumer advisory provided for lunch menu at facility. Per discussion with PIC, burgers on this menu may be ordered cooked to less than safe minimum cook temperature. No disclosure or reminder provided for burgers. On brunch menu, no disclosure provided for eggs offered cooked to less than safe minimum temperature. A consumer advisory complaint with this code must be provided fo, 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors, walls and ceiling in cooking area in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - FRP damaged on corner of wall near walk in unit. Screw holes form previously mounted fixtures present in wall near rear hand sink. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Containers in clean equipment storage area observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cream based gravy and cooked carrots in steam well held at less than 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: items reheated to minimum 165F., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - House made ranch dressing in salad prep unit, unsalted butter in main prep unit and TCS products in rear portion of walk in unit held above 41F. TCS items at front and middle of walk in unit held at 41F and below. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: ranch discarded and butter moved for cooling. Verification required for walk in unit. Will verify by 2/3/2022., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some plastic and metal containers observed with sticker residue. Outsides of containers touch inside portions of containers in stack formation. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Items placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again.  Containers free of food debris today.  4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization"
SHAZAM WINGS &amp; THINGS	99.0	4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - The gasket on the reach in freezer door is torn. Equipment and equipment components shall be maintained in a state of good repair and condition. Replace torn gasket.
SHAZAM WINGZ &amp; THINGZ CAFE	97.0	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gasket of main prep unit torn and partially pulling from unit. single door reach in in need of adjustment to prevent freezing over. Keep all equipment in good repair and at proper adjustment.  4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Home use crock pots used for hot holding chili and cheese in rear prep area. Crock pots do not meet certification or intended use requirement for food service facility. All equipment used in, 7-202-11 Restriction - Presence and Use, 7-206.11 Restricted Use Pesticides, Criteria - Home use flying insect insecticide stored in read chemical storage area. Per discussion with PIC, insecticide used inside of facility in rear storage area to mitigate presence of flies. Only pesticides in compliance with this code and administered through certified pest control operators may be used in food service facilities. CDI: insecticide discarded., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - French toast mix in main prep unit and all TCs products in rear one door reach in held above 41F. Significant ice accumulation observed on condenser unit of reach in. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. Corrected during inspection  3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - (CDI): French toast mix discarded. All TCS products in reach"
SHEETS 409	99.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean tops of Taylor frozen yogurt machines to remove dust buildup. Clean interior of the fry station freezer to remove food debris. Clean around the Fizz City machines to remove splashes of drinks and sticky residue., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Clean the single-use cup lid holders at the Fizz City station and coffee station that have sticky residue and paper material in them."
SHEETZ #415	99.0	7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed sanitizer bucket stored on counter top above food and single use items.  Chemicals shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination with food and single use and single service articles.  CDI sanitizer bucket was removed.
SHEETZ #488	98.5	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Clean single-use lid holders at the customer drink and coffee stations to remove straw paper, liquid spills, and dust., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean tops of monitors, cupo-ccino machine, hot holding elements, bottles, and other storage areas around the carafe and fry areas to remove dust and powder. Clean dust from Fizz and f&#39;real machines. Clean equipment at takeout area of dust and grime, particularly the side of the ice bin."
SHEETZ #688	98.5	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Clean equipment and utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry place. Cleaning needed in bins holding utensils where debris has accumulated. 4-904.14 Rinsing Equipment and Utensils after Cleansing and Sanitizing - Equipment and utensils shall not be rinsed after being cleaned and sanitized unless specified by manufacturer&#39;s instructions. Observed employee pulling dishes out of sanitizer at 3, 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Warewashing equipment, including drainboards, shall be cleaned every 24 hours and at a frequency that prohibits build-up of debris and contamination. Cleaning needed on the clean side drainboard of the dish machine, build-up of debris in the corners. Cleaning also needed on top of dish machine."
SHEETZ 391	99.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep nonfood contact surfaces clean. Clean bottom of two door reach-in freezer, crumb build-up., 4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Observed drink nozzles in a container with water at the bottom. Drink nozzles were dry, however ensure these are being air dried completely before placing in container so that they do not sit in water. CDI - container dumped and nozzles rewashed."
SHEETZ 397	98.5	"4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - Quaternary ammonia sanitizer coming from dispenser at 3 compartment sink tested at ~50-100ppm when first checking. After PIC adjusted tubing to tighten it sanitizer started dispensing at 150ppm quaternary ammonia. Sanitizer shall be maintained at 150-400ppm quaternary ammonia. CDI."
SHEP&#39;S FARM TO TRUCK COMMISSARY	98.0	"4-202.11 Food-Contact Surfaces-Cleanability - Pans were observed with dents in them.  Multi-use food contact surfaces shall be smooth, free of chips, inclusions, pits, and similar imperfections for cleaning. Any pans with dents or any other damage that could store food debris within those areas should be replaced.  4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - The long double table along the back wall still has sign of wear and rusting. Equipment and equipment components shall be mainta"
SHOGUN	83.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - TCS foods shall be cooled rapidly using approved methods. Cooked eel allowing to cool in the toaster oven after it had turned off. CDI - eel placed in reach-in for rapid cooling., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Significant build-up on shelving in the walk-in cooler. Build-up also on shelving holding drying dishes. Cleaning needed inside wait staff reach-in cooler and along door seals of the reach-in units at sushi area., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Repair torn door seal on left sushi prep cooler. Walk-in freezer is icing over and ice is on food packages., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths shall be stored in sanitizer in between uses. Wet wiping cloths observed on prep surface of sushi bar, at back prep sink, and in bucket of soapy water at waitstaff area. No sanitizer buckets made up., 4-302.13 Temperature Measuring Devices, Manual and Mechanical Warewashing - In hot water mechanical warewashing operations, an irreversible registering temperature indicator shall be provided and readily accessible for measuring the utensil surface temperature. Will return by 3/26/2022 to verify facility has irreversible temperature indicator.  4-303.11 Cleaning Agents and Sanitizers, Availability - Sanitizer shall be readily available at all times. 3-comp sink sanitizer dispenser was empty and, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Handsinks may only be used for handwashing. Observed strainer and ice in the line handsink. CDI - strainer removed. 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - A hand drying provision shall be available at each handsink. Paper towels out at the front sushi handsink and at the back prep handsink. CDI - paper towels replaced., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - PIC shall demonstrate managerial control of items listed in this code. Several risk factor items out of compliance and repeats from last inspection. PIC is CFPM but did not demonstrate active managerial control during today&#39;s inspection., 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Observed ice build-up on food items in walk-in freezer from condenser unit icing up.  3-303.12 Storage or Display of Food in Contact with Water or Ice - Unpackaged food may not be stored in contact with undrained ice. Observed undrained ice in the scallops in prep unit top., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal products shall be stored below ready-to-eat items. Raw shell eggs stored above salad and fresh ginger in the walk-in. CDI - salad and ginger relocated. Improvement from last inspection., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed plastic pans stacked with sticker residue still on them. Some dirty knives hanging on clean shelving. CDI - items moved for cleaning.  4-501.112 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Hot Water Sanitization Temperatures - High heat dish machine rinse cycle shall be between 180F - 194F coming from the machine&#39;s manifold. Bar dish machine did not reac, 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Items on TPHC must be noted on TPHC procedures and labeled with discard time. Fried shrimp and cooked chicken did not have time labels on them and PIC could not find TPHC procedures. CDI - items labeled, new TPHC form provided., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods shall be held hot a 135F or above. Soups in warmers on the cook line were below 135F. CDI - items reheated to at least 165F., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from food to prevent contamination. Observed disinfectant spray and wipes stored with single-use items at the server ice machine table. CDI - chemicals relocated. 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers shall be labeled with common name of chemical inside. Bottle of windex was mislabeled sanitizer. CDI - bottle relabeled., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods shall be held cold at 41F or below. Several items at sushi area above 41F today. Items left on prep cart during busy times and sushi display coolers left open. CDI - display coolers shut and temperatures dropped during inspection. Items on prep cart discarded. Place these items on TPHC or return to reach-ins when not directly in use."
SHOGUN RESTAURANT	90.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Bowls used as scoops in salt and rice containers. IN use utensils smut be stored in much a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: removed. No utensils stored in standing water today., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Fryers, flat top, burners, shelving for dry and equipment storage, some food/seasoning containers in need of cleaning to rid grease, soil, and/or food debris. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - Observed employee handling food without hair restraint. Employee wearing head band, but majority of hair still exposed. Effective hari restraints must be worn when handling food., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Blanched broccoli in main prep cooling at insufficient rate. No significant change in temperature observed after cooling for excess of 30 minuets. Broccoli tightly packed in deep pan and not cooling effectively. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: broccoli moved to walk in cooler to cool more effectively., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Large strainer present in front cooking area hand sink. Hand sinks must be used for hand washing only. Corrected during inspection (CDI): strainer removed.  6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - No soap provided in prep area hand sink. All hand sinks must be provided hand cleanser., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Cooked chicken and cooked shrimp held in bowls outside of temperature control and held at less than 135F. Per discussion with PIC, both products cooked less than 30 minutes before observation. When held hot, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 135F or above. CDI: chicken moved to walk in to cool. Discussed potential use of time as a public health control (TPHC) for fried sushi shrim, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In main prep unit, raw lobster and raw chicken containers sat directly on top of vegetable containers. Foods must be separated by ready to eat status and minimu8m safe cook temperature. CDI: products moved to correct storage areas and products underneath raw animal products discarded."
SHUN XING	95.5	"7-202-12 Conditions of Use - Home use pesticides present in rear chemical storage area. Manufacturer indicates that product is intended for home use. Toxic substances must be used in accordance with the manufacturer&#39;s intended use. CDI: discarded. Recommend contacting certified pest control operator to determine pest control options for facility., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in cooking area at 12-32 ft-cd, 26-35 ft-cd at right prep sink, 30-39 ft-cd at rear prep sink, and 18-34 ft-cd at ice machine. Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas. Lighting at 3-8 ft-cd in men&#39;s restroom and 2-8 ft-cd in women&#39;s restroom, provide at least 20 ft-cd in all toilet rooms and at all hand sinks. Lighting in rear of dry storage area at 1-9 ft-cd, provide at least 10 ft-cd of light in all dry storage areas. 6-501.14 Clea, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Inside of prep unit, piping of hood, and cooking area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In bottom of main prep unit, raw scallops stored on shelf above ready to eat foods. In reach in freezer, unpackaged raw scallops and unpackaged raw fish stored above sheet pan containing ready to eat foods. In walk in unit, frozen raw beef stored directly on top of box of produce. Foods must be stored according to minimum safe cook temperature and ready to eat status, unless hermetically sealed in freezers. CDI: ite"
SIDEBAR	97.0	"3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens - Consumer advisory shall include disclosure stating the food that is served raw or undercooked. Shrimp ceviche is &quot;cooked&quot; in citrus but is not heat treated. Item is not asterisked on the menu and is not disclosed in the disclosure statement. Add item to disclosure statement and asterisk. Will return by 3/4/2022 to verify menu has been amended., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name. Observed spray bottle of chemical at 3-comp sink without a label and spray bottle on wait staff bar cart without a label as well. CDI - bottles labeled. 7-208.11 Storage - First Aid Supplies - First aid kits and supplies shall be stored away from food items to prevent contamination. Observed first aid kit stored with food items at dry storage shelving next to kitchen handsink. CDI - kit, 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. Observed dishes on the clean storage rack with food debris and sticker residue. CDI - items moved to be washed."
SIMPLY DELICIOUS GREEK &amp; MEDITERRANEAN CUISINE	95.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed chickpeas and chicken cooling in the walk-in tightly wrapped and with tight fitting lids, respectively. CDI - items vented. Leave items loosely covered or uncovered during cooling to allow for heat escape and cold air flow around the product., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed along door seals of the prep unit and the grill drawers, as well as the hood baffles where grease and dust has accumulated. Cleaning also needed on fan guards in the walk-in cooler and along shelving where microbial growth is occurring., 2-501.11 Clean-up of Vomiting and Diarrheal Event - Facility shall have written clean-up plan for vomiting and diarrheal events. Provided written clean-up plan on last inspection, but PIC could not find document due to recent reorganization. PIC did not have another written copy. CDI - provided another copy of clean-up plan. Recommend hanging on wall for quick access., 4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - Each type of sanitizer solution shall be tested using the appropriate testing device. No test strips were able to be located during inspection for the quat sanitizer used at the sink due to recent reorganization. Will return by 2/24/2022 to verify facility has quat test strips., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name of chemical inside. Observed 3 unlabeled bottles of chemicals in dish area. CDI - bottles labeled."
SKILL CREATIONS OF GREENVILLE	96.0	"2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Spray chlorine sanitizer at greater than 200 ppm. Sanitizers must be used as effective concentration to prevent toxic substance hazard. Corrected during inspection (CDI): sanitizer diluted to 100 ppm Cl., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting -  Lighting in employee restroom at 4-12 ft-cd (foot candles). Provide at least 20 ft-cd of light in all toilet room and hand sink areas. Lighting at 17-32 ft-cd at prep counter, 19-32 ft-cd at prep table, 18-27 ft-cd at stovetop, and 10-24 ft-cd at ice machine. Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition -  Ventilation in kitchen area and employee restroom in need of clean, 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling."
SKILL CREATIONS OF GREENVILLE - (Lodging)	93.5	".1319(b), .1312(a) Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Baskets for handling soiled linens in laundry area not labeled. Receptacles for soiled linens must be labeled., .1312(a), (b) or (f) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Underside of shower chairs in shower rooms and showers in shower rooms in need of cleaning. Keep all bathing facilities clean., .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Ceiling in activity room observed with possible water damage. Popcorn material in this room peeling from ceiling. Ceilings in shower rooms in need of cleaning. Ceiling in men&#39;s bedroom 4 observed damaged. Holes present in wall of women&#39;s bedroom 7. Wall base coving missing or damaged in some areas of activity room. Keep all ceilings clean and in good repair., .1312(e) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Hand sinks in shower rooms provided hot water above116. Hot water must be 100-116F., .1309 Floors - Floors in laundry room and restrooms of men&#39;s bedrooms 5 and 4 in need of cleaning. Keep all floors clean., .1311(d) Lighting, Ventilation and Moisture Control - Vents throughout facility observed with black growth. Black growth observed on ceiling in men&#39;s shower room.  Moisture shall be controlled such that there is no evidence of microbial growth on interior surfaces and objects."
SKYLIGHT  INN (PETE JONES BBQ)	94.0	"5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - The hand sink had a box of gloves sitting in it. Box was removed. Keep hand sinks empty to ensure it is available for handwashing., 3-202.11 Temperature - (D) The barbecue cooked and chopped during inspection was 120-121 F. Product was delivered in a cambro, but did not retain heat to keep at 135 F, as was the reported temperature when it left the commissary. Discussed modifying the TPHC procedure to start TPHC time when leaving commissary, which today was 4:32 pm, and marking the container when leaving the commissary with time removed from cooking/hot holding. TPHC procedure will be modified., 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - A detergent soap bottle was not labeled with product name. Bottle was labeled. Keep labels on chemical bottles to identify its contents., 5-303.12 Protective Cover or Device - The cap was missing from the waste tank outlet. Employee began looking for it. Keep the cap on a keeper chain or other retaining device to ensure it stays in place covering the waste tank outlet., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - The Person-in-Charge does has an expired Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) certification. Provide a CFPM when MFU is in operation and serving customers."
SKYLIGHT INN	95.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Single service cups used as scoops in dry seasoning containers. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: cups removed., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Employees observed handling food without hair or beard restraints. When handling food, hair must be effectively restrained.  2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - One employee observed handling food wearing watch. When handling food, no hand or arm jewelry may be worn, other than a smooth plain band on the finger., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls in main kitchen and supplemental cooking room in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Walls and flooring in supplemental cooking room cracked and damaged. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Tongs stored in hand sink in supplemental cooking room. Hand sinks shall be used for no purposes other than hand washing. Corrected during inspection (CDI): tongs removed.  6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying provisions provided at hand sink in supplemental cooking room and front service area. All hand sinks must be provided hand drying provisions. CDI: paper towel provided. Hand drying provisions provided in all restroo, 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting under hood at 10-27 ft-cd (foot candles), 22-37 ft-cd at prep sink, and 1-5 ft-cd in main cooking room. Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Sides of cooking equipment, inside of ovens, and outsides of storage containers in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean."
SMASH WAFFLES	94.0	"5-501.19 Storage Areas, Redeeming Machines, Receptacles and Waste Handling Units, Location - The dumpster area is overgrown with weeds and plants, and is harboring a large number of flies. Weeds and plants are concealing trash on the ground as well. Maintain this area so that it does not provide a nuisance area for insects and rodents., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - The front Arctic Air cold prep unit was being used to hold TCS foods, but was not holding these foods at 41 F or less. Do not use this equipment until it can demonstrate holding TCS foods are the required minimum temperatures. In addition, both front prep area Arctic Air coolers have torn gaskets., 4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - An employee was washing utensils in the 3-compartment sink, but wash water was 102 F. Provide 110 F hot water when washing utensils. Discussed adding warm water., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - An employee was not wearing a beard restraint while preparing food orders to cover beard. Employees that have facial hair shall keep it covered when handling exposed food., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Oven cleaner spray bottles were stored on shelf above 3-compartment sink alongside utensil pans. In addition, a bottle of insecticide was stored next to rolls of paper towels. Products were removed and placed in closed. Keep chemical products stored in locations that prevent exposure to food, utensils, equipment, and single-use articles., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - The Arctic Air cold prep unit at the cook line was not properly holding TCS foods at 41 F or less. All TCS foods checked were 47 F - 55 F. Air thermometer stated 49-50 F. All TCS foods were discarded. Discussed not using this equipment until it can be repaired. If repairs are enacted on unit, request to contact this office to follow-up on its condition. Ensure that TCS foods can be maintained at 41 F or l"
SMITTY&#39;S	93.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Cleaning has greatly improved since last visit.  Keep physical facility clean.  Cleaning needed to remove grease buildup on wall behind cooking equipment, light cleaning needed on floors to remove food debris, ceiling tiles to remove dust buildup., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed large container of wiping cloths in sanitizer solution of less than 10ppm.  Additional chlorine was added and effective sanitizer solution was reached., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning has improved greatly since last visit.  Continue to keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Cleaning needed to remove buildup on shelving in kitchen and walk in units., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - To ensure food safety use approved cooling methods to rapidly cool foods.  Observed containers of potato salad in reach in cooler cooling with tight fitting lid and wrap.  Containers were removed and product was placed into shallow pans and moved into walk in cooler for rapid cooling., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting -  6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting in both cooler and freezer walk in are very low (5-0 ft cd) and makes visibility very difficult pass the door. The light intensity in walk in coolers and freezer shall be at least 10 foot candles. Talked with PIC about adding additional lighting, 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Keep chemicals stored to prevent contamination.  Observed several chemical spray bottle hanging from splash guard between hand sink and clean side of dish machine where clean dishes were stored.  Bottles were removed.  7-202-11 Restriction - Presence and Use - Observed several spray containers of residential pesticides in the establishment.  Use only food establishment safe commercial pesticides.  Containers were removed., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - To ensure food safety potentially hazardous foods must comply with written TPHC procedures.  During arrival board where foods time are recorded for TPHC foods were not written.  PIC and employee verified that food was added within the last 30 mins.  Ensure that foods are added to TPHC board when removed from temperature control.  Times were added for all items."
SMOOTHIE KING #1371	95.5	"4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - A food temperature measuring device shall be provided and readily accessible during all hours of operation. No food thermometer available during inspection. Will return by 2/24/22 to verify facility has a food thermometer., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name. Observed spray bottle of chemical without any labeling on chemical shelving. CDI - bottle labeled. 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored underneath or away from food and single-use items. Observed a bulk hand soap container stored with box of single-use lids and above juice blends in the dry storage area. CDI - hand soap relocated., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC can demonstrate knowledge by having no priority violations, answering inspectors questions correctly as stated in this code, or by having a food protection manager certificate. PIC could not name any of the reportable foodborne illnesses and could not demonstrate, verbally or physically, the facility&#39;s employee health policy as it pertains to reportable foodborne illnesses. PIC is not a CFPM. Priority item violations during inspection, 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be onsite during all food prep and service. PIC is not a CFPM. Obtain certification., 2-201.11 (A), B), (C), and (E) Responsibility of Permit Holder, Person in Charge and Conditional Employees - Facility shall have an employee health policy, either oral or physical, that contains the big six reportable illnesses. PIC could not name any of the reportable illnesses and did not have a paper copy to reference. CDI - employee health policy provided."
SOCO FOOD	98.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under cooking equipment and to door matt at kitchen door to remove debris and hair. Physical facilities shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Observed food thermometer in protective sleeve with dried food residue on it and dried residue inside protective sleeve. Thermometer shall be cleaned before and after use. Thermometer was cleaned with sanitizer water during inspection. CDI. Observed build-up on food contact portion of can opener, ensure can opener is being cleaned at least daily. Can opener put at 3 comp sink during inspection. CDI."
SONIC DRIVE IN 1	95.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to top of prep cooler where bread is stored, on shelving above prep cooler, on metal table cherry toppings are stored on, bottom of reach-in freezer, and flooring of walk-in freezer. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed broken and loose tiling throughout establishment. Missing grouting between floor tiling throughout establishment. Flooring shall be in good repair and easily cleanable., 5-501.116 Cleaning Receptacles - Observed grease build-up on ground, fence, and front side of grease receptacle. Keep area and receptacle free from excessive build-up., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Sliced cheese at top of prep cooler ranged from 41-48F. Ensure TCS foods are maintained at 41F and below. Cheese discarded during inspection. Recommend using a lid on the cheese container to help keep it cold. CDI."
SONIC DRIVE IN 2	91.0	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in main prep/cooking area at 26-44 foot candles (ft-cd). Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas. Lighting in hot dog roller and ice machine areas have been increased to meet minimum requirement. Continue increasing lighting where required.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Ventilation intakes and returns throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Floor throughout facility observed with cracked, damaged, or broken tiles. Some areas of walls and ceilings in need of repair to correct damage. Paper towel dispenser in main cooking area missing cover. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Floors and walls throughout facility in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Metal containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils smut be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Heavy black accumulation present along ground surrounding receptacles in refuse storage area. Keep all waste storage areas clean and free of debris.  5-501.116 Cleaning Receptacles - Significant build of of waste grease present on outdoor grease waste receptacle. Waste receptacles shall be cleaned at a frequency necessary to prevent them from developing a buildup of soil or becoming attractants for insects and rodents., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking equipment, shelving, prep freezers, shelving of reach ins, bottoms of reach ins, hot holding box, and prep stations in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Open packages of uncooked chicken in vertical reach in freezer stored directly above open containers of plant and ready to eat foods. Unless frozen and hermetically sealed, products in freezers must be store according to ready to eat status and minimum safe cook temperature. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Items moved to correct storage orders., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Milk inside of beverage and topping station, soft serve mix in bottom of soft serve machine, and cheese, lettuce, and tomatoes in main prep top held above 41F. Cooler unit of soft serve machine currently not working. Bags of ice placed inside of unit and ice added to soft serve liquid mix, but product at 56F inside of unit. Cheese over-stacked in main prep unit held at 48F, other out of compliance tempera"
SONIC DRIVE IN 5449	93.5	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed several stacks of clean food containers that were wet. Allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them on one another., 5-501.116 Cleaning Receptacles - Observed trash cans used inside establishment and large outside dumpsters with black build-up on them. Ensure receptacles are being cleaned at a frequency that prevents soil build-up.  5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Dumpster area has a large amount of grease build-up on the ground. Area shall be maintained clean.  5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Observed top lid and slide door on dumpsters open. Ensure dumpsters are being kept covered if not, 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Broken floor tiles throughout facility and grouting worn away between floor tiles allowing water to collect between them. Floors shall be maintained in good repair and easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to walling at cook line and fryers to remove build-up. Cleaning needed to vent covers and ceiling tiles around vents to remove dust accumulation. Physical fa, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces throughout facility: hot holding cabinets, around fry warmer, on framing of refrigeration units, flooring of walk-in freezer, etc. Ensure nonfood contact surfaces are being cleaned frequently enough to be free from build-up., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed metal food containers stored clean with food, grease, and date mark sticker residues throughout them. Ensure food containers and utensils are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside of them. All were pulled and put at 3 compartment sink to be re-washed, rinsed, and sanitized. CDI."
SOUTH CENTRAL CULINARY	96.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Two turkey cooled overnight from cooked that were whole were cooled in aluminum pans with aluminum foil over them, though the foil was loose. Discussed using rapid cooling methods for large cooked food portions to rapidly cool per cooling parameters, such as ice, reducing into smaller portions, the reach-in freezer, etc., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - The sanitizer compartment of the 3-compartment sink was dirty around the base of the sink with dried food material. Ensure this sink is cleaned as often as is necessary, and at least daily., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Three employees were eating food in the kitchen next to the ovens. Employees were told to move outside of the kitchen area. Employees who eat food shall consume food in areas outside of the kitchen., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - A disinfecting wipe container was left on the prep table by the hot box, which also had various baking items on it. Disinfecting wipes were removed. Ensure toxic chemical products are removed from preparation surfaces, and stored away from food and equipment to prevent contamination., 3-504.14 Cooling - In the ServWare 2-door cooler, two turkeys were cooked and cooled yesterday and overnight. Both of the turkeys were removed to discard. Discussed cooling per parameters to cool from 135 - 70 F in 2 or less hours, and from 70 F - 41 F in 4 or less hours. If needed, consider using more rapid cooling methods to meet these rapid cooling parameters."
SOUTH CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.5	4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (A)(4) A food thermometer was placed in a holder without cleaning it prior to storage. Employee cleaned the food debris off the probe. Ensure food thermometers are cleaned prior to storage.
SOUTH GREENVILLE SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.0	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Lids open on dumpster. Keep closed. Corrected during inspection. Dumpster lids closed., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Milk on service line at 51 degrees F. Keep food at 41 degrees F or below. Corrected during inspection. Milk moved to reach in unit for rapid cooling."
SOUTHERN CHARM CATERING	92.0	"6-303.11(B)(3) Light in the restroom is maximum 10-11 ft-cd. Provide at least 20 ft-cd here. (C) Light by convection ovens and prep table is maximum 45 ft-cd due to light above it not working. Provide 50 ft-cd light in these areas., 4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - Quaternary ammonia sanitizer in a spray bottle was mixed, but no test strips were available to check product. Employee discarded bottle, and made a chlorine sanitizer bottle at 200 ppm. Ensure that test strips are available to check sanitizers prior to use., 6-501.11 - The back wall in the restroom is peeling behind the toilet. Repair to make smooth and easily cleanable. 6-201.13 Provide a baseboard strip for the restroom around the walls., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - A spray bottle made with quaternary ammonia for sanitizer was labeled with Clorox. Bottle was emptied, and Clorox was made instead. Ensure that bottles are labeled with the correct chemical it contains., 3-301.11 Preventing Contamination from Hands - Employee began using bare hands to cut celery stalks after washing them. Discussed using gloves, and employee put on gloves to continue cutting. Ensure food employees handling food that will not be heat treated wear gloves, or use another barrier to prevent bare-hand contact., 3-501.16(A)(2) Salami and ham that were picked up and transported were placed into the cooler, and were 43 F and 44 F, respectively. Cheese cubes picked up yesterday were 41 F, and air temperature was 34 F. Ensure that TCS foods are maintained at 41 F or less at all times. Products were left in the cooler, and placed in location that will expedite cooling., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - The only employee present does not have a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) certification, and food is being prepared. Provide a CFPM on duty when food is being prepared or served."
SOUTHERN LIVING ASSISTED CARE	97.5	"7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from food to prevent contamination. Observed a stainless steel cleaner stored with sweet potatoes and bananas on prep table shelf. CDI - cleaner relocated., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be prepped in separate locations or at separate times from ready-to-eat foods. Observed open box of uncooked chicken tenders next to deli sandwiches and other ready-to-eat items on the prep table. CDI - chicken tenders relocated."
SPEEDWAY  8231	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Cleaning needed in cooler equipment in kitchen prep area to remove food debris on gaskets and bottom shelves.  Significant improvement with cleaning non food contact surfaces since previous inspection.
SPEEDWAY #7909	97.0	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Shelving and nozzle spring above 3-comp sink is rusty. Door seal at the sandwich prep unit is torn. Freezer has ice build-up on shelving at the door, some ice build-up on outside of freezer door. Door is not shutting properly., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be onsite during all food prep and service. PIC does not have CFPM., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed some jugs with food debris dried on air drying above the 3-comp sink. Some metal containers have sticker residue on them. CDI - items moved to 3-comp sink for washing. 4-602.12 Cooking and Baking Equipment - Cavities of microwaves shall be cleaned at least once every 24 hours or as often as needed to preclude accumulation. Back microwave has he"
SPEEDWAY #7960	97.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to shelving in small 1 door cooler, and at bottoms of all reach-in coolers/freezers to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept cleaned., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection did not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed hot dogs date marked with the &quot;unopened&quot; date mark sticker in which dates the product for 2 weeks instead of 7 days. Ensure once packages of ready to eat TCS foods are opened they&#39;re being date marked with a opened package date mark sticker if not used within 24 hours. PIC put correct date mark on hot dogs. CDI.  3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed polish"
SPEEDWAY #8204	97.5	"6-101.11 Surface Characteristics-Indoor Areas - (A)(3) The wood frame on the service sink is exposed due to the tiles being removed. Replace tiles or other smooth, easily cleanable surface to prevent damage to framing. 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean the cabinets for the customer self-service drink machines of general grime and splash from drink machines, including around drains., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Bags of single-use cups and lids were stored in the cabinets at the drink station, and several of the bags had splash on them. Store these articles in a location that protects from contamination., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - On the roller were four buffalo chicken rollers that were under 135 F. Also, in the Nemco warmer, a cheesburger and two BBQ hoagies measure under 135 F as well. Water was low in the Nemco warmer, and was refilled. Products were discarded. Ensure that equipment is set to maintain TCS foods at 135 F or higher at all times."
SPEEDWAY #8219	97.5	"5-501.17 Toilet Room Receptacle, Covered - No covered waste receptacle provided in women&#39;s restroom. A covered waste receptacle must be provided in all restrooms provided for women., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Hot dogs in reach in unit cooling in tightly sealed container. Products cooling at insufficient rate. No significant change in temperature observed after 28 minutes of cooling. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: container vented. Discussed cooling methods with PIC., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cheese and pizza pockets in small cold holding unit under oven held above 41F. Ambient air temperature of unit at 45-47F. Per discussion with PIC, unit previously serviced to maintain temperature. Pizza pockets placed into unit frozen yesterday. Inner portion of pizza pockets frozen, but outer perimeter at 43F. Labels on cheese indicate that product was placed in unit less than 4 hours prior to inspection"
SPEEDWAY #8220	94.5	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Area for storing tongs in customer self service roller unit observed with food soil accumulation. Utensils shall be stored in a clean dry location., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present during operation. A certified food protection manager must be present during food service., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Waste and other debris present on ground surrounding outdoor dumpster. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean and free of debris.  5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Lids of outdoor waste receptacles open. keep all outdoor waste receptacles closed or covered with tight fitting lid when not in immediate use., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some stacked containers observed with sticker residue. Residual sticker debris contacts food contact surfaces of containers. Keep all food contact surfaces clean.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Nozzles of beverage dispenser observed with heavy black and brown accumulation. Chute of stand alone ice machine observed with brown accumulation on internal door. Beverage nozzles"
SPEEDWAY #8283	94.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to walling behind and beside 2 door reach-in freezer and on flooring under storage racks/3 compartment sink. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Observed container filled with water and a drink can sitting in front hand sink at start of inspection. Hand sinks shall not be used for storage and easily accessible. Hand sink was cleared during inspection. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed old date mark sticker residues left on several food containers stored clean. Food containers shall be thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside them. Containers with sticker residues were put at 3 compartment sink to be re-cleaned. CDI."
SPEEDWAY #8285	99.0	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Observed build-up along the walls of the sanitizing compartment at 3 compartment sink. Ensure compartments are being cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean or at least every 24 hours., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Additional cleaning needed to dumpster area to remove trash on ground around dumpsters. Area shall be kept clean."
SPEEDWAY #8661	97.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Floors need cleaning underneath shelving and sinks in the back area, including inside the walk-in freezer., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed inside all cabinets in service areas and inside back reach-in of debris accumulation. Cleaning needed behind roller machine at window., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Rusted shelving above 3-comp sink and spring on 3-comp sink hose/nozzle is also rusted.  4-502.11 (A) and (C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensils and Temperature and Pressure Measuring Devices - Utensils shall be kept in good repair. Several rusted food racks stored above 3-comp sink. Repair or replace rusted utensils., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM must be onsite during all food prep and service. PIC does not currently have CFPM."
SPEEDWAY 7907	99.0	
SPEEDWAY 8183	97.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Observed a few plastic containers on dry shelving with sticker residue.  Cambros noted on last inspection are in need of cleaning., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles, 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Door and lids to dumpster were left open.  Keep these closed in between use.  Observed litter and debris on ground inside of dumpster enclosure.  Keep this area free of litter and debris., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - Certified Food Protection Manager must be available at all time when food is being handled or served.  No CFPM present today during inspection."
SPEEDWAY 8266	95.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning needed on cold holding equipment door gasket and bottom of units to remove buildup and debris.  At the beverage station cleaning needed on splash areas around dispensers to remove buildup.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Door gasket is torn on the reach in freezer under the pizza oven.  Keep equipment in good repair., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Employee use handwashing sink to dump excess liquid from food packaging.  Handwashing sink may not be used for purposes other than handwashing. CDI discussed with employee to use 3 comp sink or use additional container for waste while prepping.   5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sink near 3 comp sink water temp (84 F) did not reach required 100 F.  Hand sink shall be equipped to provide water temperature of at least 1, 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No CFPM present during inspection.  CFPM must be present during all hours of operation., 5-501.114 Using Drain Plugs - Drain plugs on both dumpsters are missing today.  Contact service vendor to get drain plugs added.   5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - There is bags of trash and other debris on the ground behind and beside the dumpsters.  Refuse areas shall be maintained and kept clean."
SPEEDY WOK	94.5	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Some areas of ceiling damaged and peeling. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Walls and ceiling in cooking area in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cooking area, shelving, and cold prep unit sin need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed since previous inspection to baffles of hood and cooking area. Continue cleaning measures., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Large flour, sugar, and seasoning containers in rear storage area not provided labels. Products removed from original container must be labeled unless clear obvious, such as dry rice. CDI: labels provided., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - :Lighting in rear portion of cooking area at 16-22 foot candles, 37-45 ft-cd at front portion of cooking area, 20-28 ft-cd at prep sink, and 12-18 ft-cd at 3 compartment sink (3 compartment sink used fro marinating and prepping chicken and pork). Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal foods stored with facility products in dry storage, w, 3-307.11 Miscellaneous Sources of Contamination - Piece of raw chicken observed fallen into large seasoning container. Food must be protected from miscellaneous sources of contamination. CDI: chicken discarded. All seasoning product surrounding chicken discarded. Discussed keeping containers closed and away form raw animal product handling with PIC., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In bottom of main prep unit, raw shell eggs stored directly above reach to eat foods. In reach in freezer, unpackaged raw chicken stored above raw shrimp. Foods must be stored according to safe minimum cook temperature and ready to eat status to prevent cross contamination, unless frozen and commercially packaged. CDI: items moved to correct storage areas."
SPRING ARBOR - (Lodging)	97.5	".1310 Walls and Ceilings - Walls damaged in salon behind chairs. Baseboards damaged in bathroom of room 11 in the cottage. Cobwebs observed in corners of 200 hall closet next to library. Wall is damaged next to A/C unit in room 214. Dust accumulated on left closet door in room 210. Cobwebs observed in bathroom of room 217., .1324(a) or (b) Employees - Observed employee remove gloves after throwing trash away and did not wash hands afterwards. Ensure employees wash hands after removing gloves."
SPRING ARBOR KITCHEN	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Light cleaning inside the reach-in freezers where debris has accumulated.
ST PETER&#39;S SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.0	2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - Person in charge during time of inspection did not have an ANSI accredited food protection certification. Person in charge during start of inspection shall have FPM certificate.
STARBUCKS #27296	98.5	"3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - One container of milk on counter top and one container of milk in drive thru register prep unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. Corrected during inspection (CDI): products discarded by PIC."
STARBUCKS (HARRIS TEETER)	99.0	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seal on the under counter reach-in 1 at the front counter is torn at the bottom and seal is not fully attached to the door., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Clean utensils shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination. Clean tongs were being stored on the handsink barrier. CDI - PIC moved tongs to be cleaned."
STARBUCKS AT ECU MCSC	98.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed of dried spilled milk and food debris on shelving in the 2 door reach-in cooler., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand drying provision shall be provided at each handsink. No paper towels available at the handsink next to ice machine. CDI - paper towels replaced."
STARBUCKS AT TARGET  T1022	98.5	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single service cups, cup lids, and wax papers stored directly on floor in rear of facility. Single service articles smut be stored at least 6 inches above the floor., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sinks in restrooms in front of facility used by food handling employees not provided hot water at minimum 100F. Automatic mixing valves of hand sinks provided water at minimum 100F. Hand sinks must be provided hot water at minimum 100F. Hand sinks provided hand washing signage today."
STARBUCKS COFFEE  #13481	97.5	"4-401.11 Equipment, Clothes Washers, Dryers and Storage Cabinets, Contamination Prevention - Location - Observed gaskets on a few small 1 door reach-in coolers and larger 2 door coolers torn. Have gaskets replaced. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed floor cleaner and oven cleaned hanging from container used to store clean linens. Observed jug of dish machine detergent stored on top of dish machine next to clean food containers. Keep toxic substances stored in a manner that they cannot contaminate clean utensils, clean linens, food, etc. Both were moved to appropriate areas during inspection. CDI.  7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Quaternary ammonia sanitizer coming out of dispenser is test, 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed flies throughout make areas and kitchen area. Establishment shall be maintained pest free, continue to work with pest control to reduce pests."
STARBUCKS COFFEE #8582	95.5	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at handwashing sinks in both restrooms is 10 foot candles, lighting shall be 20 foot candles. Increase lighting., 4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - Observed employee washing dishes by running detergent water over dishes and then scrubbing. Ensure wash water is filled in wash compartment with at least 110F water. Employee ran hot detergent water in compartment. CDI.  4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Observed grease line in sanitizer basin of 3 compartment sink during inspection. Ensure basins and drainboards of 3 compartment sink are being cleaned at least, 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Observed loose debris on grounds around dumpster. Dumpster area shall be maintained clean and free from debris., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection did not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee go from washing dishes to making drinks without washing their hands. Ensure when employees change tasks or soil their hands they wash their hands. Employee washed their hands during inspection afterwards. CDI.  2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Observed employee wash their hands for ~3-5 seconds and use their bare hands to turn off faucet. Ensure full hand washing procedures are being followed. Employee correctly washed hands afterwards. CDI."
STARBUCKS COFFEE 8962	97.0	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Clean the dust from the single-use utensil holders at the takeout window. Clean the holder for single-use cup lids at the blender station at takeout., 5-501.111 Area, Enclosures and Receptacles, Good Repair - One of the dumpsters at the dumpster pad has a broken lid. Replace dumpster so that it can close. 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Most of the rolling waste containers are open, including the cardboard dumpster. Suggest providing additional storage capacity to ensure these units can close., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - A stack of buckets was stacked wet above the 3-compartment sink. Allow utensils to air dry prior to stacking. 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - A group of lids on the rack above the 3-compartment sink were wet, and had splash on them, possibly from rinsing soiled utensils. Ensure these utensils are maintained clean, and stored protected from splash., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Delfield cooler next to the blender station, a container of sweet cream was 42 F, and a gallon container of half and half was 45 F. Products were explained as likely high due to high volume usage. Another half and half was 36 F inside. Products were discarded. Ensure TCS foods remain at 41 F or less."
STARLIGHT CAFE	97.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry place. Observed black build-up in ice scoop holster at upstairs ice machine. CDI - holster and scoop moved to dish area., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed inside the reach-in units and along door seals, especially inside the seal rips, and underneath bags of flour and sugar in the dry storage area where debris has accumulated., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Repair/replace cracked floor tiles in dish area and server area. Repair damaged wall underneath 3-comp sink in dish area."
STEWART CAFE AT CYPRESS GLEN	97.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Shelving in the two-door reach-in cooler had some microbial growth buildup on top shelf that needs cleaning., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Cabinets out in self-service area have cracking and chipping on the insides. Cabinets will be removed once renovation begins., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria-Chemicals - Quat sanitizer shall be between 200 ppm and 400 ppm. Quat sanitizer buckets with dispensing rags was &amp;gt;400 ppm today. Utility worker filled the buckets straight from the chemical bottle instead of the dispenser. Manager discussed this with the employee and had the buckets changed. Only use the dispenser to fill these buckets to keep them at the correct concentration."
STOKES ELEMENTARY CAFETERIA	98.0	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - No test strips on hand during inspection. Provide test strips to check sanitizer. Order has been made, strips should arrive on Thursday. Will return to verify compliance., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Ice chute observed with mild buildup. Keep clean."
STRAIGHTWAY HEAVENLY KITCHEN	96.0	"5-501.16 Storage Areas, Rooms and Receptacles, Capacity and Availability - No waste receptacle provided for hand sink in kitchen area. Hand sink in kitchen area provided disposable towels as hand drying provision. If disposable towels are used at hand washing lavatories, a waste receptacle shall be located at each lavatory or group of adjacent lavatories., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during operation., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Reach inn unit not holding TCS products at 41F and below. One product recently placed in to unit at 41F, but all other temperature observations of TCS products at 46-48F. When held cold, all TCS products must be held at 41F or below. Item at 41F moved to freezer, but all other TCS products discarded. Do not store TCS products in unit until capable of holding 41F and below. Verification required. Will veri"
STREET EATS MFU	98.5	4-602.11(E)(4) A food thermometer was stored in the holder with food debris on it. Ensure that food debris is cleaned from thermometers prior to storage. Thermometer was removed for cleaning.
SUBCESSFUL	95.0	"4-203.11 Temperature Measuring Devices, Food - Accuracy - The food thermometer was reading 220 F in ice bath. Discussed calibration, and recalibrated the thermometer. Ensure food thermometers are calibrated per manufacturer instructions to ensure accurate food temperatures can be obtained., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - There is a small amount of mold is on the ceiling women&#39;s restroom . Mold is on ceiling in room by back door.  6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Repair floor tiles that are broken or cracked in kitchen area under cooking equipment. Ceiling is sagging and leaving cracks around the kitchen hood area., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Clean the container holding single-use forks at the expo door that has lots of food crumbs in it. 4-904.11 Kitchenware and Tableware - Preventing Contamination - (B) Place the single-use forks lying in the same direction so that the tines point in the same direction to prevent hands from touching the tines when pulling one from the container., 4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - Utensils were being washed in the 3-compartment sink, and wash water was 100 F. Wash water was repoured. Ensure that wash water measures at least 110 F when washing., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - An employee drink was stored with no lid next to single-use article holder at takeout window. Drink was covered and moved. Keep employee drinks stored away from single-use articles, and store with a lid to minimize risk of spillage., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (B)(3) Light at the drink station hand sink is 7 ft-cd, and 12 ft-cd at the utensil storage area. Light in the restrooms is 10-9 ft-cd. Provide at least 20 ft-cd in these areas. Light is 18 ft-cd at prep sink, 28 ft-cd at ice cooler, and 22 ft-cd at the prep table in auxiliary room is 22 ft-cd standing in front of it. Provide light at least 50 ft-cd here in these locations., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying towels were available in the men&#39;s restroom. Towels were provided. Ensure hand drying provisions are provided at all hand sinks at all times., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - The Person-In-Charge (PIC) is scheduled to take examination for CFPM. However, PIC shall demonstrate knowledge of food safety issues. Topics discussed include final cook temperatures of raw animal foods on menu; mixing chlorine for sanitizer; reheating food temperatures, hot holding, handwashing."
SUBWAY # 31675	98.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Some cleaning needed in the line reach-in where food debris has accumulated and on the shelves in the walk-in cooler where some debris has settled., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single-use items shall be stored in a manner that prevents contamination. Some single-use forks and knives stored underneath line handsink alongside equipment and drain cleaner. PIC stated these items are not normally stored here. CDI - items moved to back storage area., 6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - Floor and wall junctures must have coving or be enclosed/sealed. Several areas in kitchen do not have coving or baseboards due to recent remodel. Ensure baseboards/coving is installed."
SUBWAY # 43028	91.0	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Floor tiles are damaged near the back door. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair. Floor tiles should be replaced or repaired., 4-502.11(B) &#8211; Good Repair &#8211; Calibration - Thermometer was not properly calibrated as it was reading 29 degrees F in the ice bath. Establishment had a dial thermometer with a cover that allowed for the thermometer to be calibrated during the inspection. Thermometer should be accurate within 1 degree of 32 degrees F as the thermometer only measures temperatures in Fahrenheit., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Three bottles of chemicals such as degreaser and other cleaning items were observed without labels. Working containers used for the storage of poisonous or toxic materials shall be labeled to identify the items. Staff member agreed to label the spray bottle with the name of the chemicals as he was aware which chemicals were in the bottle., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Water is leaking from the mop sink when turned out particularly from the backflow preventer causing concern if the device is functioning properly. Plumbing systems shall be maintained in good repair. Repair the leak at the mop sink., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - None of the employees present at the time of the inspection were a certified food protection manager. At least one employee shall be a certified food protection manager and present at the establishment during all hours of operation. Establishment may find it useful to have more than employee certified as a food protection manager., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Food items along the front row of the sub prep line such as the cheeses, turkey and ham were not holding proper temperature. Temperature control safety foods shall be maintained at a cold holding temperature of 41 degrees F or below. Staff agreed to remove the top layers of the food items and the top cover for the case was observed being left open and staff were reminded to cover the prep unit after u"
SUBWAY # 50323	93.5	"4-204.112Temperature Measuring Devices - Functionality - Ambient air thermometer in small prep unit in main prep area broken. Mechanical refrigeration equipment must be provided an ambient air thermometer in compliance with this code, unless otherwise exempted., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Small prep unit not functioning at sufficient capacity to main TCS products at 41F and below. Plash guard of hand sink in rear prep rea damaged and pulling away from sink. Keep all equipment in good repair., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Boxes of single service napkins and cups stored directly on floor in rear prep area. Single service articles must be stored at least 6 inches above the floor to prevent contamination., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some containers in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. One container observed with heavy black accumulation on food contact portion. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. Corrected during inspection (CDI): items placed in ware washing area for cleaning., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - All TCS temperature observations inside of main prep unit and inside of small prep unit in main prep area above 41F. Per phone discussion with area manager, main service unit temporarily turned off for previous servicing and was reactivated recently. Ambient air thermometer in small prep unit not functioning, but EHS thermometer indicates air temperature of 61F. When held cold, all TCS products must be he"
SUBWAY #13512	94.0	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in men&#39;s restroom is 10 foot candles and shall be 20 foot candles. Lighting in back storage/mop sink is 2-3 foot candles and shall be 10 foot candles. Replace blown light bulbs., 4-502.13 Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Use Limitations - Observed produce boxes that had build-up throughout them and vegetables in boxes that were labeled for a different vegetable. Vegetable boxes are single-use only and shall be not re-used. If you want to transfer vegetables into another container it shall be a multi-use container., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection did not have a current certified food protection manager certification., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under equipment and walls in front of 3 compartment sink to remove splash build-up. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed roast beef, turkey, tuna salad, and sliced tomatoes on prep top at 43-48F. The front railing on both sides of prep top is not holding 41F due to unit being kept open for long periods. All foods were moved to back railing and chilled to 41-42F within 45 minutes. Ensure main prep lid is being closed when units are not in-use to keep the foods at 41F and below. CDI."
SUBWAY #2122	92.5	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Dumpster door and lids were left open.  Keep doors and lids to dumpsters closed in between uses. 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Dumpster area has cardboard boxes and trash left on ground.  Keep dumpster area free of trash and debis., 2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Observed employee making customer orders with bracelets on.  Food employee shall not wear jewelry on arms and hands except a plain band such as a wedding ring.  Employee removed jewelry. CDI 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Observed employees making customer food with long hair not pulled back, and employee without hair restraint.   Food employee shall wear hair restraint when working exposed food to prevent contaminating.  Employee pulled hair back and, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Hand washing sink in food prep area was blocked by boxes.  Hand washing sinks shall be accessible for employees at all times.  PIC removed boxes CDI.  6-301.11 Hand Drying Provision-  Paper towel dispenser still not working today during inspection.  Provided employee paper towels to dry hands., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - During inspection there was no Certified Food Protection Manager present.  CFPM must be present in food establishment when food is being prepared or served., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Turkey (43 F), Ham (44 F), Roast beef (45 F), Tomatoes (43 F), Shred cheese (43 F) were not being cold held at or under 41 degrees in the walk in.  These items were located on side of cooler.  TCS food stored directly under fan were all at or under 41 degrees.  Verification required.  Will come back to verify cold holding temperatures."
SUBWAY #50096	95.0	"2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Bottle of cleaning chemical stored on shelf with food products in rear storage area. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that prevents contamination of food and equipment, CDI: bottle removed. First aid supplies stored in designated area today., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS products in main prep unit held above 41F. Tuna salad in cold prep unit held at 41F, but all other TCS temperature observations above 41F. Items overfilled in service containers held above 45F. Per discussion with PIC, overfill products placed in unit less than 1 hour before observation in anticipation of lunch service. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below.  Discussed fill indicat"
SUBWAY 43297	95.5	"6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (C) At the prep sink, the light was 26 ft-cd. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in here., 6-201.11 Reattach wall corner piece by the back area hand sink that is loose and exposing drywall. Repair loose tile by racks at entrance to back area that has detached from wall, and recaulk along tiles on this same wall to the bread box., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Tomatoes and shredded lettuce were left in the Duke serve line while the unit was under repair, and products rose to 43-44 F. Products were placed in walk-in freez, 3-403.11 Reheating for Hot Holding - Meatballs in sauce were heated this morning, but meatballs were 122 F. Manager pulled product and reheated to 173 F. Ensure that TCS foods are properly reheated to at least 165 F throughout all parts of the food if com"
SUBWAY 43354	95.0	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gasket on walk-in cooler door is ripped, have gasket replaced. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed corning trimming need prep table damaged, missing baseboarding on walling between prep line and walk-in cooler, and baseboarding falling off wall under 3 compartment sink. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring inside walk-in freezer to remove build-up. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently eno, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed portioned out rotisserie chicken and teriyaki chicken in meat prep top. Ensure these meats are being held at 41F and below. PIC they pre freeze the portioning containers so that it helps keep the meat inside them at 41F and below. I would also recommend only filling the metal containers with these portioning containers 1/2 way instead of full. Top layers were removed and rapidly cooled to 41F in"
SUBWAY 57971	97.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Faucet at 3 compartment sink is leaking. Have faucet repaired. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Observed two containers sitting inside the hand sink in the back of the kitchen. Hand sinks shall be used for hand washing purposes only and shall not be used for storage. Containers were moved during inspection. CDI., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection does not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification."
SUBWAY- HANDY MART	97.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed in cabinet underneath line handsink and along metal shelving underneath sandwich line., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - A certified food protection manager shall be onsite during all food prep and service. CFPM had left for the day before inspection. Consider having more employees certified."
SUE&#39;S COUNTRY KITCHEN	79.0	"6-501.15 Cleaning Maintenance Tools, Preventing Contamination - Additional cleaning needed to flooring behind 3 door reach-in cooler to remove build-up. Flooring shall be cleaned frequently enough to be maintained clean and free from build-up.  6-501.114 Maintaining Premises, Unnecessary Items and Litter - The back storage area has an excessive amount of storage items where it&#39;s not accessible or cleanable. Observed plastic bins and old pickle jars outside near dumpsters that have no purpose. Re, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gasket on 3 door reach-in cooler is torn. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair. Have gaskets replaced., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - PIC shall be able to show demonstration of food handling knowledge that will prevent foodborne illnesses. Several questions that the PIC was asked wasn&#39;t answered correctly., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to shelving down below grill to remove build-up. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - PIC did not have a hair restraint on. Food handling employees shall wear an approved hair restraint., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection does not have a certified food protection manager available., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed PIC handle their phone, chemical bottles, and dirty dishes and then handle containers of food from refrigeration without washing their hands. Employees shall was their hands before handling equipment, clean utensils, and food. PIC was instructed on proper hand washing procedures during inspection. CDI., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed chemical spray bottles that had no labeling on them. Ensure spray bottles are being labeled with the name of the solution inside. Spray bottles were labeled sanitizer during inspection. CDI., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed live German cockroaches and cockroach fecal spots on equipment/boxes throughout kitchen. Observed mice fecal droppings on plastic containers used to hold single-use goods in kitchen. There was mice bait out behind the 3 door cooler during inspection. Cockroaches need to be more effectively treated, the PICs husband treatment is not working.  6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Professional pest control is needed, If cockroaches are present next inspection and no, 4-602.11(e)(4)(b) Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed black and pink build-up inside of ice machine. Ice machine shall be cleaned at frequency that prevents build-up inside of unit.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed tongs and lids on clean storage rack that had food and grease build-up on them. Ensure food utensils stored on clean storage rack are clean and if they do not get used frequently keep them, 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed chicken salad, pimento cheese, hot dogs, shredded cabbage, BBQ chicken, and sliced ham in 3 door reach-in cooler that were made more then 24 hours ago and were not date marked. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are date marked if not used within 24 hours and used within 7 days (date made + 6 days). Chicken, pimento cheese, and chicken salad was discarded during inspection, others were date marked. CDI., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed package of raw ground sausage stored directly on top of open package of bacon at grill cold unit. Observed raw ground beef and sausage stored above whole cuts of beef and a fully cooked turkey in 3 door reach-in cooler. Ensure raw meats with different final cooking temperatures are kept separate during storage and properly stacked inside of reach-in coolers.  3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separati"
SUGGS BUNDY CAFETERIA	98.5	3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - TPHC food time on line was not filled out on production log when TPHC was on the line. Ensure the times are being recorded on the production log when the first batch of food on TPHC gets put on the serving line. Times were recorded during inspection. CDI.
SUMRELLS COUNTRY SAUSAGE	94.5	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in walk in unit at 0-5 foot candles (ft-cd) Provide at least 10 foot candles of light in this area. Lighting in center of main prep unit at 43Ft-cd. Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas.  Significant improvement to lighting in cutting and packaging area observed. Facility has replaced previous bulbs with bulbs that are significantly brighter. Lighting at cutting table at 43-71 ft-cd and 55-76 ft-cd at wrapping station. Continue im, 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Door frame of walk in unit chipping and splintering wood. Wall above and near walk in observed damaged, exposing insulation underneath, Wall in this area observed with chipping and damage to finish. Wall in grinding and vertical freezer area observed with cracked and damaged paint. Finish of floor in front of walk in unit has eroded. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Shelving in walk in unit, racks for hooks in cutting and walk in areas, legs of 3 compartment sink, and fixtures in walk in unit showing signs of rusting. Keep all equipment in good repair.  4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Home use chest freezer in use near walk in unit for storing frozen meat. Home use freezer is not NSF approved equipment. All equipment used in facility must be NSF approved and rated for comme, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Single service trays and plastic containers stored in hand sink. Hand sinks shall be used for no purposes other than hand washing. CDI: Items removed form hand sink"
SUP DOGS	97.0	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed sanitizing solution in bucket at bar below 200ppm quaternary ammonia. Ensure buckets are being maintained at 200-400ppm quaternary ammonia. Bucket changed during inspection to 200ppm. CDI., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Observed single-use utensils and cups in upper deck bar that were left overnight. Single-use articles shall be protected overnight by putting them inside or covering them., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed stacks of plastic and metal food containers wet. Allow containers to adequately air dry before stacking them. All were separated during inspection. CDI.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed containers used to hold clean sauce bottles with build-up inside them. Ensure containers are being cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean. Both containers pulled, 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Observed coleslaw and shredded cheese on TPHC at 45-50F not get discarded at 3pm. The product is put out at 11am and shall be discarded by 3pm. Ensure the time is being updated when the product is being refilled or ensure it&#39;s being discarded at the 4 hour mark. Both discarded during inspection. CDI."
SUPER 8 MOTEL	93.0	.1824 - Ice bin lids not properly cleaned in rooms. Observed soiled. Housekeeping stated she uses water to clean lids. Ensure lids are properly clean and follow instructions for sanitizer solution.
SUPER MERCADO EL RANCHERO	94.0	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Some handles of meat display unit damaged or broken. Main cold prep unit not functioning at sufficient capacity to keep TCS products at 41f and below. Keep all equipment in good repair., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Scoop with not handle used fro seasoning in meat section. IN use utensils smut be stored and used in such a way that prevents product contamination. CDI: discarded., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Two hand sinks in kitchen area and hand sink in men&#39;s restroom not provided had drying provisions. All hand sinks shall be provided hand drying provisions. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Paper towel provided at hand sinks.  5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Employee cup stored in hand sink for meat section. Hand sinks shall be used fro no purposes other than hand washing, CDI: cup removed., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Prep units, cooking equipment, and shelving in kitchen area in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cooked tomatoes on supplemental burner section held at less than 135F. When held hot, TCs products must be held at 135F or abvoe. CDI: Product placed on main burners for reheating. Product reheated to minimum 165F., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Main cold prep unit not holding TCS products at 41F or below. Products in top and bottom of this unit at 43-46F. Per discussion with PIC, all products at 46F prepared this morning. Per discussion with PIC, thermostat of unit previously not working. Replacement thermostat not providing required temperatures. When held cold, TCs products must be held at 41F or below. Products at 46F moved to walk in unit fo"
SUSHI WITH GUSTO	97.5	"7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Observed sanitizer in bucket and spray bottle above 400ppm quaternary ammonia. Ensure sanitizer is 200-400ppm. Both were diluted to 300ppm quaternary ammonia during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed brown rice in walk-in cooler at 60F. PIC said he had removed container to prep sushi around 9am and it was at 60F at 11:40am. The sushi shall not be above 41F for more then 4 hours while prepping, this means it shall be back to 41F within 4 hours of removing from cooler for prep. PIC discarded rice during inspection. CDI. I recommend portioning a small amount of rice out for prep instead of takin"
TACO BELL # 37152	99.5	"2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Observed employee drinking water out of small single-use cup inside kitchen. Ensure employees are eating and drinking in designated areas. GM corrected employee during inspection. CDI."
TACO BELL #24223	95.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Food debris observed in reach in freezer unit.  Keep all non food contact surfaces clean., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Doors on dumpster left open. Keep all trash receptacles closed or covered when not in use. Corrected during inspection. Doors closed., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Potentially hazardous foods in cabinet under service line not holding at 41 degrees or below. Thermometer reading 60 degrees F. Eggs in walk in at 45 degrees F. All food moved back to the walk in cooler for rapid cooling. Eggs discarded. Will return within 10 days to verify unit is working properly., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sinks in both restrooms not reaching 100 degrees F. Ensure hand sinks reaches 100 degrees F for hand washing. Will return within 10 days to verify compliance."
TACO BELL #24227	96.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Stack of metal pans observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Drink nozzles of customer self service drink dispenser observed with build up of soda residue and some brown accumulation. Some plastic pans in clean equipment storage "
TACO BELL 26333	97.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some metal and plastic containers observed tightly sacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 5-501.114 Using Drain Plugs - No drain plug provided for outdoor waste dumpster. Provide drain plug.  5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Accumulation of grease spillage present along ground surrounding receptacle. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean and free of debris., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Some nozzles of drive thru beverage dispenser observe with residue on internal surfaces. Nozzles of beverage dispensers must be cleaned at sufficient frequency to prevent accumulation or at manufacturer&#39;s specified frequency. CDI: Nozzles removed and cleaned. 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some food containers observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall"
TAPPED	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Compartments of the 3-compartment sink need cleaning to remove mildew. Shelving in the walk-in beer cooler needs cleaning to remove microbial growth., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. FRP wall corner piece has detached in the back on wall under security cameras. Reattach the corner piece to the wall here.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Floors in both of the main restrooms on the right side of the facility need cleaning. Black residue is building up on the floor tiles. Floor drain needs cleanin, 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Paper towels shall be available at all hand sinks. Paper towel holder for bar hand sink on back side is not close enough to the hand sink. Need to keep paper towels closer to the hand sink. Roll was moved to the hand sink on counter during inspection. Item kept at half credit."
TAQUERIA TERE	99.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - In-use utensils may be stored in foods with handles sticking out. Observed containers without handles stored in beans and scoop handles in foods in dry storage in hallway. CDI - container removed, scoops adjusted. Only use scoops with handles to prevent contamination from hands when scooping. Ensure scoop handle extends out of foods."
TEMPLE FWB CHURCH CONCESSIONS	98.5	3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Biscuits and chick fil a minis were not holding proper temperature in the warmer display unit. Temperature control safety foods shall be maintained at a hot holding temperature of at least 135 degrees F. Food items were pulled from the unit and placed in the oven to be reheated until they reached 165 degrees F.
TEXAS ROADHOUSE	94.5	"6-305.11 Designation-Dressing Areas and Lockers - Employees shall have a designated area for possessions to prevent contamination of food, clean equipment, and single-use items. Observed keys and cell phone on line prep, backpack on back prep table, and sweatshirt and phones on table holding soda concentrates. Have employees store possessions that cannot contaminate above listed items., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Handsinks may only be used for handwashing. Observed ice in handsink by dish pit and food debris in handsinks in steak prep area and back prep area. CDI - discussed with PIC, do not dump anything down handsinks., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Equipment and utensils shall be air dried after sanitizing. Several stacks of wet pans in air drying location in dish pit. Observed employee drying plates with a cloth. Allow dishes to air dry before stacking., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Air drying shelving is peeling paint and beginning to rust. Walk-in door seal is still torn. 4-501.12 Cutting Surfaces - Cutting surfaces shall be easily cleanable and in good repair. Observed cutting surfaces in back prep area that are deeply scored and stained. Have resurfaced or replace., 4-501.112 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Hot Water Sanitization Temperatures - High heat dish machine sanitizing rinse shall reach at least 180F when leaving the manifold and the dishes shall get to at least 160F. Dish plate read 150.6F after several times through the machine. CDI - PIC had Ecolab come out and service machine during inspection. Dish machine booster breaker had flipped. Dish plate was 161.7F after breaker turned back on."
THE ARTIST&#39;S CAFE	95.5	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - Chlorine test strips for chlorine dish machine not present. Test strips must be present for all sanitizers used. Verification Required. Will return by June 27, 2020 to verify., 4-203.12 Temperature Measuring Devices, Ambient Air and Water-Accuracy - No thermometer present in front 2 door cooler. A thermometer must be present in all holding units. Verification required. Will verify by June 27, 2020, 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - In bar 2 door cooler, package of raspberries with visible microbial growth. Food must be discarded when spoiled. CDI: Raspberries discarded., 6-301.14 Handwashing Signage - Hand washing signs not present at hand washing sinks. Hand washing signs must be provided at all hand washing sinks used by employees. CDI: Hand washing signs left today and will be posted by owner., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Box of soda stored under package of raw shrimp in walk in. Food must be stored according to ready to eat status and minimum final cook temperature. CDI: box of soda moved."
THE BISCUIT &amp; THE BEAN	94.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Oven and panini press in drive thru prep area and baffles of hood in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed to cooking equipment. Continue cleaning measures., 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics - Indoor Areas - Sealed wooden strip along edge of prep window missing. Unfinished portion of wood where strip previously located exposed. Exposed wood in this area is not sealed and is absorbent. Provide surface that is smooth and easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Prep window between main prep and drive thru prep areas in need of cleaning. Keep all physical facilities clean., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cheese and cooked sausage cooling on counter top in cooking area. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: Products moved to prep unit for cooling. Discussed use of effective cooling methods with PIC., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Small plastic cups used as scoops in berries and dry goods. Handles of scoops in beverage mixes stored contacting products. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Ice dumped into hand sink in front service area. Hand sinks shall be used for hand washing only. CDI: discussed use of hand sinks with PIC., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Multiple plates and some plastic containers observed with food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: items placed in ware washing rea to be cleaned again., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cooked sausage and cooked potatoes in steam well held below 135F. When held hot, TCS products shall be held at 135F or above. CDI: products reheated to minimum 165F."
THE BLACKENED KRAKEN BAR &amp; GRILL	92.0	"2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Food employee can not wear any jewelry on arms and hands except a single plain ring.  Observed food employees wearing watches and bracelets while working with exposed food.   2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Food employee must wear effective hair restraints when working with exposed food.  Observed cook, cooking food and not wear any type of hair restraint., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles, 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Keep dumpster lids and doors closed.  Observed door and lids to dumpsters open.  Keep dumpster enclosure area clean and free of litter.  Observed several bags of trash and cardboard boxes on ground around dumpsters., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Cleaning needed on gaskets on cooler equipment, storage shelves in dish room and kitchen and on squeeze bottles to remove old labels., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Allow dishes and food containers to adequately air dry before stacking.  Observed plastic containers wet stacked in dish area.  After cleaning and sanitizing a cloth can not be used to dry dishes and utensils.  Observed employee drying dishes with cloth.  Employee rewashed dishes that were cloth dried., 6-202.12 Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning System Vents - Keep air vent systems clean of accumulation in order to prevent them from becoming a source of contamination.  Observed buildup covering vents in kitchen and dish areas.   6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Lighting at 20-30 foot candles (ft-cd) under hood, 15-32 ft-cd at left prep table, 23-35 ft-cd at steam table, 30-45 ftcd at main prep unit, and 28-50 ft-cd at prep sinks. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in all food handling areas. Lighting, 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Keep food protected from contamination.  Observed steak stored on lowest shelf (not 6 inches above floor) of speed cart uncovered.  Steak was moved and wrapped up.  Ensure food is protected from contamination by storing 6 inches above the floor., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Dishes and utensils shall be clean to sight and touch.  Observed stacked pans and plastic containers stored clean with dried food debris, sticker and sticker residue.  Ensure that dishes and food containers labels are remove and clean before storing.  Items moved to sink to be rewashed., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Food employee shall wash hands when switching between working with raw animal food and working with ready to eat food.  Observed employee handle raw meat with gloved hand then immediately went to work with ready to eat food.  Educated employee on when to wash, employee washed hands and changed gloves."
THE BODEGA AND CAFE	93.0	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single service containers stored directly on floor in walk in unit and stack of single service containers in kitchen area stored uncovered with food co, 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints -  Observed employee with beard handling food without restraint. When handling food, hair must be effectively restrained., 6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vents in kitchen area in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean. Significant cleaning has been conducted to this area since previous insp, 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Grits cooling in metal pan on stream unit from breakfast service. Grits observed at 98F and unit turned off. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: Discussed use of effective cooling methods with PI, 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Accumulation of waste and debris present on ground surrounding waste receptacles. Keep all refuse storage areas clean and free of debris.  5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Large waste receptacles in wast, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Observed employee dump wat4er from hot water dispenser into hand sink. A hand washing sink must be used for hand washing only. CDI: employee educated., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In reach in unit, raw beef burgers stored directly above ready to eat products. Food must be stored according to ready to east status and safe minimum cook temperature to pre, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Salsa containers stored above fill line in small prep unit held above 41F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: salsa discarded. Prep un"
THE BODEGA CONVENIENCE STORE &amp; CAFE	95.0	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - No test strips available. Provide test strips. Will return within 10 days to verify compliance., 4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - To go trays above prep units and forks at customer self service not inverted or protected from contamination. Paper products stored on the floor in storage room. Keep items inverted or stored in a manner to prevent contamination and store above the floor. Corrected during inspection.  Trays inverted forks rearranged in container., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - Hand sinks in restroom not reaching 100 degrees F. All hand sinks must reach a minimum of 100 degree F. Will return within 10 days to verify compliance., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw meat product stored over ready to eat product. Store raw meat product below ready to eat product. Corrected during inspection. Food items relocated., 3-501.17 - Potentially hazardous ready to eat food in reach in unit not date marked. Keep items date mark. Corrected during inspection. Items date marked."
THE BREAD LADY	99.5	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Repair/replace warped and damaged ceiling tiles in front service area and in back above clean dish storage  near the drive-thru window. Coving tiles at back door have been repaired."
THE BREAKFAST BAR	97.0	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths shall be stored in sanitizer in between uses. Observed wet wiping cloth at the chicken breading table and at grill area., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seal torn on the reach-in unit next to front door., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Repair broken/missing tiles in front of handsink and ice machine. Repair damaged places on the walls in the dry storage room., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - A CFPM shall be onsite during all food prep and service. No CFPM available. Certifications can be obtained through classes offered at www.servsafe.com."
THE BULLDOG CAFE @ PCC	96.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Clean the gasket on the reach-in freezer under the microwave to remove brown buildup. Fan guards in the walk-in cooler also have some dust buildup., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Wiping cloths shall be kept in sanitizer of proper concentration. Chlorine sanitizer bucket under the front counter measured 10 ppm today. Bucket was corrected to 200 ppm., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall cool quickly using effective means of cooling. In the walk-in cooler, 3 bags of link sausages were cooling inside of sealed Ziploc bags. Sausages finished cooking between 7:30 and 8:00 AM. At 10:19 AM, sausages ranged from 48-69?F. Bags were opened during inspection. After 35 minutes, sausages cooled to 41-61?F. Sausages were removed from the bags, placed in a pan, and placed in the freezer to cool rapidly.  3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Do not leave cooling f, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Time/Temperature Control for Safety (TCS) Foods held cold shall maintain temperatures of 41?F or below. Pasta salad, tuna salad, chicken salad, cream cheese, and shredded cheese in the grab and go coolers ranged from 42-50?F. All items were removed and taken to the walk-in to cool. Students use the grab and go coolers frequently through breakfast. Recommend not keeping these TCS foods in the coolers."
THE BULLDOG CAFE AT PCC	94.0	"6-303.11(C) Intensity-Lighting - Lighting shall be at least 50 foot candles (fc) at all areas where employees handle food. Lighting is low at the ice machine (34-67 fc), under the front hood (38-59 fc), under the pizza hood at pizza oven (40-57 fc), at the prep cooler (39-70 fc), and at the rear convection oven (40-57 fc). Increase lighting here to 50 foot candles.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Air vents shall be kept clean. Air vent in the kitchen, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood-contact surfaces of equipment shall be kept clean. Clean the cabinets under the drink machine and cabinets to the left to remove drink syrup residue and other debris., 3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens. - There shall be a consumer advisory on menu items that are offered raw or undercooked. Eggs for breakfast sandwiches are offered undercooked, but there is no consumer advisory. Need to add a consumer advisory to the menu that states, &quot;Consuming raw or undercooked meats, poultry, seafood, shellfish, or eggs can increase the risk of foodborne illness.&quot; Will verify the menu change by, 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Wall damage seen on walls in dry storage room and in hallway to the right of the dry storage room. Keep walls in good repair. Wall tile to the right of the rear hood is still cracked today. Holes have been filled, but still recommend replacing the broken tile. 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics-Indoor Areas - Walls shall be smooth and easily cleanable. Wall tile that was d, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Green wire shelving in the walk-in cooler and walk-in freezer is rusted and needs replacing or refinishing. Gasket on the door of the prep cooler has a small tear. Recommend replacing the gasket before the tear increases., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Time/Temperature Control for Safety (TCS) foods held hot shall maintain temperatures of 135?F or above. Tater tots under the heat lamp ranged from 88?F to 109?F. Tater tots were discarded during inspection. Recommend the use of Time as a Public Health Control (4 hour hold instead of 135?F temperature) for tater tots or cooking them to order., 3-302.11(A)(1) Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw foods shall be stored away from ready-to-eat foods. 4 packs of 18 raw shell eggs stored above shelf with cooked pasta, cooked gravy, cooked burgers, cooked rice, cooked baked beans, and thawing cooked chicken. Eggs were moved to another shelf below ready-to-eat foods."
THE DOG HOUSE OF GREENVILLE	96.5	"5-103.12 Pressure - The hot water at the 3 compartment sink does not have any pressure and the water is trickling out. Manager stated that in order to help fill the sink they will take hot water from another sink. All sinks shall be provided with adequate pressure. (Verification required), 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - The gasket is torn on the door of the cold prep unit. Equipment and equipment components shall be maintained in a state of good repair and condition. Manager stated that a replacement has already been ordered.  4-402.11 Fixed Equipment, Spacing or Sealing-Installation - The handwashing sink is the men&#39;s restroom is not properly secured to the wall. The sink is at a downwards angle and can be moved. Equipment that is fixed because it is not e, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - BBQ in a pan in the bottom of the cold prep unit was at 45 degrees F. Temperature control safety foods shall be maintained at 41 degrees F or below. BBQ was placed in the freezer for rapid cooling."
THE FRESH MARKET #101 PRODUCE	99.5	3-302.15 Washing Fruits and Vegetables - Vegetables being diced for meal deals were not being washed. Vegetables that are diced and sold in ready to eat or ready to cook form shall be washed prior to preparing.
THE FRESH MARKET DELI #101	97.0	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under 3 compartment sink in deli department. Physical facilities shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 3-302.15 Washing Fruits and Vegetables - Observed pizzas being topped with mushrooms coming from a container that says &quot;wash before use&quot; and they were not washed before putting on the pizzas. Ensure vegetables are being washed before preparing in a ready to eat/cook form., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Observed sanitizer in 3 compartment sink in prep room at 400PPM+ quaternary ammonia. Quaternary ammonia sanitizer shall be 200-400PPM quaternary ammonia. Ensure water isn&#39;t too hot when dispensing. Sanitizer reran with warm water and sanitizer tested at 300PPM. CDI., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Observed several pizzas on customer display casing at 45-49F. The pizzas had been prepared within the last hour and had not cooled down properly before putting on display casing. Use rapid cooling equipment to cool foods to 41F before transferring to display casing. All pizzas above 41F were moved to walk-in cooler to rapidly cool. CDI."
THE FRESH MARKET MEAT MARKET	94.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Observed standing water in corners of meat processing room. Ensure after floors are being cleaned the water is being squeegeed to remove excess water from flooring. Floors shall be free from build-up., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Observed breading bus tub stored on inverted clean metal trays, observed meat residue on speed rack used to hold clean metal trays, and observed metal bowls that were used for thawing fish in sanitizer basin directly next to clean metal trays on drainboard. Ensure clean food contact surfaces are being stored on clean surfaces and protected while being stored. Breading container was removed, 4-501.115 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization Using Detergent-Sanitizers - Sanitizer coming from spray hose system tested at 0ppm quaternary ammonia. The PIC said the sanitizer from the spray hose system is used as a final rinse sanitizer. Ensure sanitizer is 200-400ppm quaternary ammonia. Do not use spray hose for sanitizer until it&#39;s repaired. Use sanitizer from 3 compartment sink. CDI., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed large bags of turkey stored above seafood in walk-in freezer. Ensure raw meats are being stacked in freezer by their minimum safe final cooking temperature unless they&#39;re all inside manufacture packaging. Freezer was re-arranged during inspection. CDI.  3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed mushrooms that are used to make meat skewers stored at bottom of b"
THE GALLEY	94.5	"7-201.11 Separation - Storage - On the prep table in back room, a spray bottle of sanitizer was stored on table where fruit was being cut. At Port City Java, a stainless steel cleaner was stored next to open container of coffee sticks. A hand sanitizer bottle was stored on the microwave at Subway. All bottles were removed. Keep chemical products stored away from food preparation areas, food, utensils, and single-use articles., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Several utensils on the clean storage rack had label material on them, and several pans had food residue on them. Pans were pulled, and management staff discussed rewashing these utensils. Ensure food debris and label material are removed from utensils prior to sanitizing to ensure sanitizer can effectively treat all parts of the utensil., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - On the back room prep table was a box of raw bacon next to a cutting board and with produce items that were about to be cut. Raw bacon box was removed. In the walk-in cooler 1, on a rolling cart, a box of raw bacon was placed above a sheet pan of cooked onions, and a box with raw sausages was placed above a container of cooked sausages. Ready-to-eat foods were rearranged to place above raw sausages. Ensure raw anima, 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - At Port City Java, a carafe with half and half was stored with a label that stated it was placed out at 10:38am. Discussed procedure, and product was removed. Ensure employees follow written procedure when holding TCS foods outside of temperature control."
THE GOLD POST	90.0	"4-502.13 Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Use Limitations - The mayonnaise jars used for holding tea and lemonade are single-use articles. Recommend to replace these with multi-use containers., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean grease from the storage racks. Clean interior of freezer and cooler. Clean hood vents of grease. Clean utensil storage racks of general grime and grease droplets. Clean shelving and storage pans for the dry seasoning containers. Clean the cart for dry breading by the fry station. Clean cooking equipment of grease buildup., 2-303.11 Prohibition-Jewelry - An employee was wearing wrist bands and watch on wrists while cooking food and preparing plates. Employees that handle exposed food shall only wear a plain ring. 2-402.11 Effectiveness-Hair Restraints - An employee had an uncovered beard while handling and processing food and orders. Employees shall wear beard restraints when handling exposed food., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying towels were available at the kitchen hand sink. Towels were replaced. Keep hand drying provisions at hand sink at all times.  6-301.11 Handwashing Cleanser, Availability - No hand soap was available at the kitchen hand sink. Soap were replaced. Keep soap at hand sink at all times., 6-202.11 Light Bulbs, Protective Shielding - Light bulbs in the extra preparation space do not have bulb covers. Provide covers for the bulbs to make them shatter-resistant. 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (B)(3) Light at the hand sink is 16 ft-cd, and 13 ft-cd at the utensil storage area. Light in the restrooms is 6-8 ft-cd. Provide at least 20 ft-cd in these areas. Light is 18 ft-cd at prep sink, 35 ft-cd at the left side of stove, and 23 ft-cd at ice cooler. Provide light at least 50 ft-cd here, 3-301.11 Preventing Contamination from Hands - Employee used bare hand to touch chicken patties that were already cooked. Discussed using a utensil for handling cooked foods. Employee put glove on this hand. Ensure utensils are used to handle TCS foods that are ready-to-eat., 4-205.10 The Southern freezer does not have a symbol that indicates it meets requirements of ANSI-accredited certification program. Provide information that this freezer meets these requirements. No information has been provided. This also includes the crock pot in use for hot holding gumbo.  4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Seal the wood above the prep sink around the A/C unit."
THE HAMPTON INN OF GREENVILLE	97.5	".1825(a) The hand sink in use for Laundry (currently in the restroom) does not have water. General Manager stated it may be the batteries. Repair to ensure that hand sink have running water, and warm water, available for use in handwashing. A hand sink is planned for installation in the Laundry Room by the wash sink. In the meantime, recommend to enact a Hygiene Policy., .1827(c) On a cleaning cart, a spray bottle with a MetaQuat label had another chemical inside of it. Also, in the Greene Room, a spray bottle of board cleaner was stored beside single-service cups. Two spray chemical bottles did not have a label on a cart in Laundry. Keep chemicals stored in locations away from single-use articles, and ensure chemicals are properly labeled."
THE HAMPTON INN OF GREENVILLE-RESTAURANT	93.5	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - No test strips were available for measure quaternary ammonia sanitizer. Provide test strips for accurately measuring concentration of this sanitizer per manufacturer&#39;s instructions. Will return by 12/17/2021 to verify. 4-501.19 Manual Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - The wash solution temperature was 90 F while utensils were being washed. Discussed raising this wash solution to at least 110 F when washing utensils. Warm water was, 4-502.11 (B) Good Repair and Calibration - The food thermometer was reading 15 F lower than inspector&#39;s in an ice bath. Instructed the staff on calibration of the food thermometer, and adjusted it. Ensure food thermometers are maintained properly calibrated to ensure food temperatures can be accurately measured., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC does not have a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) certification. Ensure CFPM has an appropriate certification when food is being prepared of served. A copy of certified courses was provided., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - A stainless steel spray can was stored on storage rack above clean linen towels used for chemical wiping, and spray bottles were hanging on rack edge, with some bottles touching the towels. All chemicals were moved to lower shelf. Ensure chemical containers are stored below clean linen to prevent contamination., 6-303.11 (C) Light above the ice machine is 25 ft-cd, and 28 ft-cd over the prep tables, and in front of oven. Provide at least 50 ft-cd in these locations. (B) Light at the coffee bar is 11-9 ft-cd. Light at customer self-service station is required at 20 ft-cd minimum.  6-305.11 Designation&amp;#x02; Dressing Areas and Lockers - An employee&#39;s cell phone was stored on the prep area with box of bananas. Keep personal possessions away from food preparation areas., 2-102.11 (A), (B) and (C) (1), (4) - (16) Demonstration - (A) Priority Violation items were noted during inspection, and PIC did not have a CFPM certification. (C) Discussed with staff several food safety topics, such as sanitization contact time/concentration, food hot and cold, and reheat temperatures, and storage of chemical products, and TPHC procedure. Staff shall pursue CFPM certification to ensure food safety knowledge is provided during operations., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - (B) The milk and creamer were under TPHC, but were not labeled. Products were declared as changed 15 minutes prior to arrival. Labels were made for these products. Ensure TPHC labels are applied immediately when TCS foods under TPHC procedure are placed outside of temperature control. Reviewed TPHC procedure for this process."
THE HILTON BANQUET	98.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Light cleaning needed inside the reach-in freezer and on shelving in the walk-in where microbial growth has occurred., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Physical facilities shall be kept in good repair. Observed wall damage in both dry storage rooms. Walk-in refrigerator has been repaired., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from clean equipment to prevent contamination. Observed three canisters of butane stored with cooking equipment in the back dry storage room. CDI - canisters relocated."
THE JERK TRUCK	94.0	"3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Shaker containing seasoning salt, containing with ranch sauce cups and squeeze bottles containing sauce was not labeled. Food storage containers storing food items or ingredients shall be labeled to identify the contents if they are not in their original packaging., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - At the start of the inspection a handwashing sink was observed with a cloth towel stored inside the handwashing sink. A handwashing sink shall not be used for other purposes and shall be maintained clean and free of any items. Cloth was moved from the sink., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Items in the refrigeration unit were not holding proper temperature. Temperature control safety foods shall be maintained at a cold holding temperature of 41 degrees F or below. Discussed with the owner the issue with temperatures is due to the transportation of food to their location of set up. Food items were noted decreasing in temperature and discussed additional transporting steps that can be tak"
THE JUICY CRAB	96.0	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Plastic containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Dish machine in bar area not providing sanitizer at required concentration. No chlorine residual observed in solution after 4 cycles of using dish machine. Sanitizers must be used at effective concentration to ensure that food contact surfaces are effectively sanitized. Verification required. Will verify by 1/7/2022., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Milk wash in ice bath and mussels above fill line of container in main prep unit held above 41F. Milk sitting directly on top of ice in ice bath. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: ice added to ice bath and excess mussels removed. Reviewed fill line indicators with PIC."
THE LOFT BY STILL LIFE	94.0	"5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation, 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - First hand sink in women&#39;s restroom and left and center hand sinks in the men&#39;s restroom not reaching 100 degrees F. Ensure all hand sinks reach 100 degrees F or higher. Will retur, 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Chemical in spray bottle not labeled with working name. Keep all chemicals labeled. Corrected during inspection. Through education., 3-306.11 Food Display-Preventing Contamination by Consumers - Cut fruit at bar area stored on top of countertop with no covering. Chairs for customers are right in front of uncovered cut fruit. Food should be protected from contamination by using food gua, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation, 3-304.11 Food Contact with Equipment and Utensils - Ice in ice machine observed with small debris on ice and all three bins at bar observed with soda nozzle down in ice. Debris , 2-201.11(A),(B),(C),(E) Responsibility of Permit Holder, Person in Charge, and Conditional Employees - No health policy on file. Ensure all food employees have read and understand their responsibilities while working with food. Corrected during inspection"
THE MARKET AT COASTAL FOG	99.0	"7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored separately from clean utensils, food, and single-use items to prevent contamination. Several sanitizer and windex bottles stored amongst sleeves of single-use cups at coffee area and with clean dishes above the 3-comp sink. CDI - bottles relocated."
THE MARTINSBOUROUGH	94.5	"4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - Sanitizer inside dish machine was testing at 0ppm chlorine. Sanitizer shall be at 50-200ppm chlorine. Have dish machine checked by technician and ensure it&#39;s at the correct ppm before using for sanitizing. Dishes shall be sanitized in 3 compartment sink.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Observed some black residues inside of ice machine, 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager on duty during time of inspection. CFPM shall be present at start of inspection., 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee putting on gloves to handle food without washing their hands before so. Ensure if you have not washed your hands that you wash them before putting gloves on or food handling. Employee washed hands correctly after. CDI"
THE MELLOW MUSHROOM	91.5	"6-202.12 Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning System Vents, 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Keep ventilation system clean to prevent contamination.  Cleaning needed on vents in all food service areas to remove dust accumulation.  Lighting at drink station in dining room 12 ft-cd, at prep salad prep table is 30ft cd, at grill area 30-50 ft-cd.  Increase lighting in these areas to 50 ft-cd.  Lighting at bar area is 5-20 ft cd increase this to 20 ft-cd.  Some lighting has been replaced since last, 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Keep physical facility clean.  Cleaning needed to remove food and debris from floor and under equipment in food service area., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Cleaning needed to remove food debris on gasket of cooler equipment in food service area, shelving of prep tables need cleaning to remove food debris., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Food employee may drink from a closed beverage container and handled to prevent contamination.  Observed employee beverage stored above food prep area with no lid.  Employee removed cup., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Potentially hazardous food shall be rapidly cooled using approved cooling methods.  Observed containers of cooked sausage tightly wrapped cooling in reach in cooler.  Containers were vented to allow rapid cooling, ensure rapid and approved cooling methods are being used., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Keep chemicals stored away from food, clean equipment and utensils.  Observed chemical bottle stored above prep table, chemical container stored next to in use equipment, and chemical container stored on dish counter at bar area.  Ensure chemicals are stored properly to prevent contamination., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Sanitizer solution for warewashing must be maintained at effective concentration per manufacturer use.  After several attempts the chlorine solution for the dish machine at the bar test at 0ppm.  PIC contacted service provider to come and repair.  PIC will use kitchen dish machine until repairs are complete, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous food shall be kept at or below 41F.  Items in the prep cooler next to the grill was not holding foods at or below 41F.  PIC had Meatballs (50F), Wings (50F), Tomatoes (45F) and other TCS foods were moved to walk in cooler until cooler repairs are made.  Discussed with PIC about using TPHC procedure for these TCS items until cold holding repairs could be made.  Will return to verify c"
THE RESIDENCE INN	94.5	"6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (C) The light in the hood is 25 ft-cd, and up to the microwave was less then 50 ft-cd. Provide light here at least 50 ft-cd or higher. Other light since previous inspection has been increased to minimum requirements., 6-501.11 - Lots of floor tiles in the kitchen area are cracking, or have chips and pits in them. Repair or seal to prevent water intrusion. Paint is peeling on wall above the 3-compartment sink and service sink. Repair to make smooth and easily cleanable. Also, cover the ceiling tile gaps around the fire riser pipes. Repair the corner by the service sink that is bent and cracked., 4-703.11 Hot Water and Chemical - Methods - Two sheet pans were immersed in the quaternary ammonia sanitizer that was less than 150 ppm (manufacturer concentration range is 150-400 ppm). Sanitizer was repoured to 200 ppm. Ensure sanitizer is maintained at required concentrations. Through the metering pump, concentrate is diluted, and does not require additional water added., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - The hot water at hand sinks in the men&#39;s restroom did not rise above 73 F after more than 3 minutes of running the water. In the women&#39;s restroom, the left hand sink reached 100 F, but the right hand sink did not rise above 73 F after 2 minutes of running. These sinks have low flow as well. Adjust to provide at least 100 F hot water."
THE RESIDENCE INN	98.0	".1825(a) Handwashing sinks in men&#39;s restroom were 74 F, and in women&#39;s restroom, the water fluctuated between 74 F - 95 F. Provide hot water at least 100 F in these locations. .1826(a) The Laundry room hand sink did not have paper towels. Provide towels at this location for hand drying, or another hand drying method."
THE RICKHOUSE	94.0	"3-501.13 Thawing - Mahi mahi portions and seared tuna were thawing in the True 3-door cooler and walk-in cooler without opening the ROP bags. Discussed removing fish from these bags during thawing process., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying towels were available at the hand sink at the warewashing area. Towels were replaced. Keep hand drying provisions available at all times at all hand sinks. 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - The hot water in the front restrooms reached between 75-80 F in both men&#39;s and women&#39;s restrooms. Provide at least 100 F hot water at these hand sinks., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - No written procedure was available for compound butter under TPHC at the expo station. Discussed requirements, and a procedure was written. Ensure the procedures are available at all times., 3-401.14 Non-Continuous Cooking of Raw Animal Foods - Chicken wings are being partially cooked and cooled. Discussed procedure, and written NC Food Code section for this part was printed, and discussed procedure. Kitchen Manager wrote procedure during write-up. Ensure procedures are maintained at all times., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the left side drawer of the Avantco Grill Cooler, all TCS foods checked were above 41 F. All products were removed and placed in the walk-in cooler. Air temperature for the unit was 34 F, and all right-side TCS foods were under 41 F. Ensure this sides maintains 41 F or less during storage."
THE ROOT GRILLE	95.5	"4-904.11 Kitchenware and Tableware-Preventing Contamination - Utensils in the kitchen were observed stored with the food contact surface facing upwards. Cleaned and sanitized utensils shall be stored where the contamination of the food contact surface is not exposed.  4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Lids for drinking cups were observed stored directly on the countertop surface next to the drink machine. Single service and singl, 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Salt &amp;amp; pepper shakers and storage bins for what appeared to be flour and sugar were not labeled. Food storage containers storing food items that are not unmistakably recognized such as dry pasta shall be labeled to identify the contents., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - The gasket is torn in the middle on the 1 door reach in freezer unit located behind the counter. Equipment and equipment components shall be maintained in a state of good repair and condition.  4-205.10 Food Equipment, Certification and Classification - Food items were observed being stored in a refrigeration unit labeled for the storage of packaged and bottled products only. Equipment shall be used according to the manufacturer&#39;s intended u, 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - A spray bottle containing a yellowish cleaning liquid was not labeled. Storage containers for poisonous or toxic materials shall be labeled to identify the contents. Spray bottle was labeled during the inspection."
THE SANDWICH SHACK	99.5	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - Establishment did not have the proper test strips for their sanitizer. Only chlorine test strips were available and the establishment uses quat sanitizer. Establishment is required to have test strips in order to measure sanitizer strength. (Verification required)"
THE SCULLERY	93.0	"2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - PIC during time of inspection does not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Racks in walk-in cooler are rusted, have racks refinished or replaced. Observed lid for main ice machine loose causing a gap between the ice bin and the lid. Have the lid secured and gap filled. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 5-205.15 System Maintained in Good Repair - Observed piping to main handwashing sink in kitchen leaking and line to prep 3 compartment sink heavily leaking. Handwashing sink in kitchen is accumulating water while hand washing. Repair leaks and have plumbing to handwashing sink cleared so that it drains properly.  Plumbing shall be maintained in good repair., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Baseboard on walling behind metal prep table beside stove has come off the wall and the grouting between the floor tiling throughout the kitchen is worn away. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair and easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to walling throughout establishment to remove build-up. Observed build-up behind 3 compartment sink, around, 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed black bean burgers and pull pork past their 7 day date mark. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods are being used or discarded within 7 days of making (date made + 6 days). Both were discarded during inspection. CDI., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed food containers stacked on clean storage shelving with sticker residues throughout them. Ensure inside and outside of food containers are being cleaned to remove residues before storing clean. All were removed and stickers were removed during inspection. CDI.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Observed container with old date mark sticker that was refilled with sausa"
THE SEAHORSE	90.5	"6-305.11 Designation-Dressing Areas and Lockers - Observed employee cell phone, keys and other personal items being kept on storage shelf above prep table.  Keep employee items away from food and single-use items to prevent contamination., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Container of sugar near dish machine not labeled. Ensure unidentifiable items are labeled if not in original container., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed inside cold drawers, coolers and door seals, shelving throughout., 4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Clean equipment and utensils shall be stored in a clean, dry place. Clean out containers and drawers holding clean utensils through out., 7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - Working containers of poisonous or toxic materials shall be clearly labeled with common name of material.  A bottle of blue chemical was found on the front counter without a label.  A label was added to the chemical bottle CDI.  7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Chemicals shall be stored so that they cannot contaminate food.  Observed a chemical bottle of 409 stored on shelf with food items., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - At least one employee shall be a certified food protection manager from an ANSI (American National Standards Institute) accredited program.  At the time of inspection there was not a CFPM at the facility., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Potentially Hazardous Foods cold held must be kept at or under 41 degrees F.  All food items in the Avantco cooler were holding temperatures above 45 degrees.  These items removed and were placed into the freezer for rapid cooling.  Have unit serviced so that it will properly cold hold food.  Verification required."
THE VILLEDGE	93.5	"3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens - Consumer advisory, including reminder and disclosure, shall be provided when raw or undercooked items are served. Steak, burgers, and salmon are cooked to order and/or raw ready-to-eat but did not have disclosure asterisks leading customers to the &quot;cooked to order&quot; notation and reminder at the bottom of the menu. CDI - menus reprinted during inspection to include all raw or underco, 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Toxic chemicals shall be stored separately from food and food contact items. Butane canister stored on top of prep unit on main cook line and propane canister stored with single-use and food items in the pizza oven area. CDI - items relocated., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - TCS foods shall be held cold at 41F or below. Items in the reach-in cooler were above 41F. Cooling fan was blocked by packages of food in unit blocking cold air flow. CDI - items moved to walk-in to allow reach-in to cool back down. Do not block this fan with large food packages., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed several dishes on the storage rack with sticker residue. CDI - dishes moved to dish area for cleaning., 3-301.11 Preventing Contamination from Hands - Ready-to-eat foods shall not be contacted by bare hands. Observed wait staff handle toast without wearing gloves. CDI - discussed with employee and PIC about importance of wearing gloves with ready-to-eat foods. Bread discarded."
THIRD STREET EDUCATION CENTER CAFE	98.0	"4-302.13 Temperature Measuring Devices, Manual and Mechanical Warewashing - Facility shall have irreversible temperature measuring device for high heat dish machines. Facility recently installed a new high heat dish machine but does not have an irreversible temperature measuring device for it. Will return by 3/11/22 to verify. 4-303.11 Cleaning Agents and Sanitizers, Availability - Chemical sanitizers shall be available for use at all times of operation. No sanitizer available at beginning of in, 3-302.15 Washing Fruits and Vegetables - Produce shall be washed before peeling, cutting, or other prep. Observed employee peeling and cutting carrots after removing from the bag in which it came in without washing. CDI - discussed with employee and PIC proper procedures., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Wet wiping cloths shall be stored in sanitizer in between uses. Observed wet wiping cloth on front prep table. Recommend making sanitizer buckets for prep areas to store wet wiping cloths."
TIE BREAKERS	92.5	"2-501.11 Clean-up of Vomiting and Diarrheal Event - During inspection a customer had a vomiting event in dining room.  Staff did not follow written procedure to clean up vomit.  Vomit was cleaned up in a plastic container and rinsed in the sink to then be run through the dish machine. Floor was mopped before all vomit was removed from the floor, 3 comp sink and equipment was disinfected, wash rinsed and sanitized. Follow written procedure to effectively and safely clean up events., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Observed sanitizer bottle stored next to food items in dry storage room.  Fly spray can was stored on top of dish machine.  Keep toxic materials stored in designated areas.  Both items were moved to proper storage.  CDI 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Several spray bottles of sanitizer and a bottle of windex were not labeled.  Working containers of chemicals shall be labeled with common name of chemical.  Label added CDI., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - During inspection hot water was unavailable at both sinks on front service areas, and women&#39;s bathroom.  Hot water of at least 100 F must be available at hand sinks.  PIC was able to adjust valve that was closed by technician on previous visit CDI.  Observed food debris inside of hand washing sink.  Hand washing sink shall be used for hand washing only.  CDI corrected through education., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Several TCS items in kitchen prep coolers were missing date marking after being prepared and held in location for more than 24 hrs.  Cooked and cooled items in the walk in freezer were not date marked.  Be sure to date mark items when prepared and held in location for more than 24hr and include date mark of date items being held frozen.  Date markings were added to cooler items and frozen items were discarded by PIC, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw shelled eggs stored above pickles in kitchen prep station cooler.  Raw shelled eggs stored above RTE sauces in walk in cooler.  Raw food shall be stored and separated to prevent contamination of ready to eat foods.  Eggs were moved to correct storage. CDI, 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Employee washing hand turned faucet off with cleaned hand.  Use paper towel or elbow to turn off faucet to prevent recontamination of hands.  Employee rewashed hands CDI"
TIE BREAKERS SPORTS BAR AND GRILL	93.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean interior of the Blue Air freezer, gaskets, and also Hoshizaki cold prep unit and undercounter cook line freezer, to remove food debris. Clean dust, food debris, and grease from shelves and salamander above cook line cold prep unit and freezer. Clean table adjacent here as well, and shelf above it. Clean grime from walk-in cooler shelves, and clean racks holding sauce bowls of food debris., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - An employee had a long ponytail that was not contained while processing salads. Employees with long hair shall have hair contained to prevent it from being exposed to food. Also, several employees have facial hair exposed. Employees that handle exposed foods shall wear beard restraints to cover facial hair. 2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Several employees have bracelets of watches on wrists while preparing or, 4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - No chlorine test strips were available for testing the sanitizer in the dish machine. Employee retrieved chlorine test strips from another establishment. Ensure test strips are available at all times to ensure sanitizer concentration can be measured., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Repair holes in wall where the drainboard for the dish machine has detached. Seal holes above hand sink in warewashing area also. Floor around the drain is cracking. 5 6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - Baseboards around kitchen cooking area have detached from wall, and need to be sealed completely to prevent grease collection. Provide a baseboard at the wall by bar hand sink. Repair base, 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - An employee&#39;s drink with no lid on it was sitting on the table across from the cook line next to salads were placed under preparation for customers, and plates were here as well. Drink was discarded. Ensure that employee drinks are stored below preparation areas, and away from food and multi-use utensils., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - In the walk-in cooler, a pimento cheese container was dated 1/17, and a chicken salad container in the Turbo Air cold prep unit was dated 1/13. Both were discarded. Ensure TCS foods that are not used up within 7 days of preparation are discarded.  3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - A bag of hot dogs in the walk-in cooler was not dated with date of opening, and was opened, 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - The buttermilk wash was not dated as observed during walkthrough. Later, product was marked 1:00pm. One employee stated product was prepared one hour ago, and another stated it was prepared 35-40 minutes ago. Product was ordered discarded. Ensure buttermilk used for TPHC is marked when removed from cold holding as described in written procedure."
TIENDA Y TAQUERIA EL TORITO	97.0	"6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Observed box of raw pork skin in 3 door reach-in freezer that was employee personal food. Ensure personal foods are being stored in designated areas or labeled. Box labeled employee only during inspection. CDI., 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria - Chemicals - Observed sanitizer solution inside bucket above 200ppm chlorine. Ensure sanitizing solution is maintained at 50-200ppm chlorine. Sanitizing solution in bucket is used for sanitizing thermometers and prep sink. Bucket remade to 100ppm chlorine during inspection. CDI., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed pot of cooked chilis sitting out at room temperature from the night before. Ensure cooked vegetables are being cooled properly and held at 41F. Pot of chilis were discarded during inspection. CDI."
TIPP&#39;S TAKEOUT	96.0	"7-102.11 Common Name-Working Containers - A spray bottle containing Awesome cleaner did not have a label. Working containers storing poisonous or toxic materials shall be labeled. A label was created for the spray bottle., 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - Opened package of hot dogs and chicken salad were observed without a date sticker. Both food items were prepared/opened yesterday. Temperature control safety foods that are prepared and held in the establishment for a time period that exceeds 24 hours shall be marked with a date to indicate when they were prepared or to be discarded. Products were labeled., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Breakfast sausages sitting in a pan on the flat grill were not holding proper temperature. Temperature control safety foods shall be maintained at a hot holding temperature of 135 degrees F or above. Sausages were reheated and discussed possibly using TPHC with the PIC and information was left."
TODD DINING HALL	96.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Foods shall be cooled using approved methods. Cut tomatoes in plastic container tightly plastic wrapped and not cooling effectively. CDI - tomatoes vented., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed in cabinets at most of the serve lines, especially underneath waffle line where spills have occurred. Allergy prep drawers and behind drawers need cleaning of debris. Cleaning needed on outsides of cooking equipment and inside equipment doors in main kitchen area., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from food and single-use items. Sanitizer wipes stored with pecans and single-use gloves at the smoothie line. CDI - chemicals discarded., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Food shall be safe and unadulterated. Observed moldy lemons in the produce walk-in. CDI - lemons discarded."
TOKYO CAFE	95.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Observed water puddling on floor under wok and fryer. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Racks inside walk-in cooler are heavily rusted and peeling. Have racks repainted or replaced. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 3-304.15 (A) Gloves, Use Limitation - Observed food handling employee wiping their gloves off with a sanitizing towel during inspection. Gloves shall be discarded when damaged or soiled. If employee is not changing tasks they can change their gloves, if employee changes tasks they shall wash their hands before putting on new gloves. Employee washed their hands and put on new gloves during inspection. CDI., 3-401.11 Raw Animal Foods - Cooking - Observed sesame chicken at 140-160F after being cooked. Chicken shall be cooked to a internal temperature of at least 165F. PIC reheated chicken to 175F+ in wok during inspection. Ensure raw meats are reaching their minimum safe final cooking temperatures. CDI."
TOKYO EXPRESS	91.0	"3-302.15 Washing Fruits and Vegetables - Uncut, unwashed carrots were being skinned, and were not washed. Staff explained they are washed after skinning them. Discussed with staff that they must wash all uncut, unwashed produce prior to cutting them, using, at minimum, clean potable water., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the grease collecting on the hood front. Clean the side of the Migali grill cooler by the fryers. Clean the lower prep table shelves of various food debris. Clean the edge of the front ice bin lid. Clean the racks in the walk-in cooler of food debris., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - An employee drink was sitting on the table at the front counter where wontons were being wrapped. Employee drinks shall have a lid, and shall be consumed without needed to remove a lid, such as using a straw. Cup was discarded., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Clean ground around the grease receptacle was coated in spilled grease. Clean this grease to remove insect and rodent attractants., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Employee handled exposed food without a hair restraint. Employees who handle exposed food shall wear hair restraints. 2-302.11 Maintenance - Fingernails - Employees with long fingernails were handling food without wearing gloves. Anytime employees who maintain long fingernails handle exposed food, gloves are required. Discussed with manager., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Under the hood, light was 41 ft cd. Provide at least 50 ft-cd here. 6-305.11 Designation - Dressing Areas and Lockers - Observed employee drink on table by the cold prep unit, and cell phones here and on the prep table where wontons were being wrapped. A t-shirt and a personal bag were under the front table as well among boxes of chopsticks, single-use cups, and other single-use articles. Provide employees designated areas to store belongings away from food prepar, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - In the Migali cold prep unit, two packages with salads were stored on the bottom shelf next to an uncovered raw chicken wing pan. Salads were moved to the upper shelf. Keep ready-to-eat foods stored above raw animal foods, and provide lids for food containers., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - On the steam table, a pan of sesame chicken was not labeled with the time it was placed here, and a pan of cooked broccoli was not marked with the time removed from cooking step until ten minutes after it was prepared. Inspector also had to remind staff on two other occasions about marking TCS foods cooked for TPHC and marking the times.  3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - If TPHC is to be used, then the foods shall be marked as required. As dis"
TOKYO JAPANESE RESTAURANT	90.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - In the True reach-in cooler, a container of sliced tomatoes was cooling from preparation, and cooled 49.6 F to 48.6 F in 38 minutes, for a rate of 0.026 F/minute. Discussed cooling using rapid cooling techniques, since tomatoes , 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Raw scallop container was sitting on the sushi bar, and was 68 F due to being left out since sometime this morning. Product was discarded. Ensure TCS foods are, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(4) In the Hoshizaki cooler, pans of garden peas, carrots, and raw egg wash were not covered. Containers did not have covers on them in the middle cold prep unit (broccoli, , 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking. - Most TCS foods were unlabeled in the walk-in freezer, walk-in cooler, and other coolers on the cook line, such as crab sticks, crab mix, tuna and, 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Lots of dead and living cockroaches were seen in establishment. Live cockroaches were seen under sushi preparation bar, on dry storage racks, behind ice machine, by wall on cook line, in dining room, and along cooler doors at, 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - In the steam table was a pan with fried rice sitting at maximum 122 F. Product was discarded. Ensure TCS foods remain at 135 F or higher at all time"
TOMMY&#39;S GROCERY AND GRILL	97.5	"6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee personal beverage stored outside of designated area in main prep unit and employee beverage stored in reach in freezer. Store all employee foods in designated areas. All other employee items stored in designated areas., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Flies observed in kitchen area. Maintain effective control of pests.  6-202.13 Insect Control Devices, Design and Installation - Facility in process of installing self contained electric pest control devices in kitchen area. Pest control devices are not yet in service, but one device currently placed above prep sink in prep area. Per discussion with PIC, device will be moved beside sink instead of above. Pest control devices shall be used in such a way that prevents, 7-202-12 Conditions of Use - Home use pesticide present in chemical storage area. Per discussion with PIC, home use pesticide used in mitigation of flies. Label of product indicates that product is intended fro residential use. Toxic shall be used in accordance with manufacturer&#39;s intended use. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Pesticide discarded."
TRINITY CHRISTIAN SCHOOL CAFETERIA	97.0	"6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting at 19-36 ft-cd in center prep area containing microwaves. Provide at least 50 ft-cd of light in all food handling areas.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Vent covers in ware washing area in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Baby oil for cleaning stainless steel in facility stored with facility food products. New cabinet for toxic substances installed directly above ware washing area. New cabinet containing bleach and other toxic substances. Toxic substances must be store din such a way that they do not pose contamination hazard to food or equipment. CDI: bottle removed. Educated PIC regarding storage of toxic substances. Store all toxic substances in such a way that they do not pose, 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Observed outside individual clean bottle in food service hand sink. Door of food service line exit obstructs hand sink when open. Hand sinks must remain unobstructed and must be used for hand washing only. CDI: discussed use of hand sinks with PIC. Recommend installation of door so that it swings away from hand sink to prevent obstruction."
TROLLINGWOOD TAP ROOM &amp; BREWERY	96.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Clean floors behind tanks where there is debris. Clean spill in the walk-in cooler. Floors are sticky in here., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Hand sinks cannot be used for any purpose other than hand washing. Employee seen wringing out towel in the hand sink and pouring out water from water bottle today. Discussed only using hand sinks for hand washing. 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Hand towels shall be provided at each hand sink. Paper towels missing at the front hand sink today. Paper towels were restocked during inspection. 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - H, 5-103.11 Capacity-Quantity and Availability - The water source and system shall be of sufficient capacity to meet the peak water demands of the food establishment. Hot water is not regenerating quickly enough. When employee was drawing water, temperature was 109?F. After 30 minutes, hot water would not go above 101?F. 30-day intent to suspend issued today. Facility is able to heat water in the microwave to wash dishes. Heated water reached 113?F in 5 minutes in the microwave. Owner called landlo, 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Facility shall be free of pests. Four live cockroaches seen in and on the chlorine sanitizer test strip packet. Cockroaches were eliminated during inspection. May need to treat facility for pests."
TROPICAL SMOOTHIE AND CAFE	92.0	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - A wiping cloth was left  on a shelf without placing in a sanitizer bucket. Wet, in-use towels shall be stored in sanitizer buckets between uses., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - An employee can with open top was sitting on the table with the bread at the make line. Ensure that drinks have lids that close the top, and store drinks in locations that prevent contamination of food. Drink was discarded., 3-501.13 Thawing - (A) A box of chicken was thawing in the kitchen, in the ambient air. Product was thawing before placing in the walk-in cooler per conversation with manager. Though product was 29-30 F, ensure that TCS foods such as this fully cooked chicken are thawed under refrigeration not to exceed 41 F or less., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - On the prep table, a pan of roasted red peppers was cooling, and cooled 4.6 F in 20 minutes for a rate of 0.23 F/minute. Product was placed in cold prep unit to cool first, and then the walk-in cooler. Ensure TCS foods are cooled rapidly using rapid cooling methods to cool at rate of 0.54 F/minute or higher. Product was left loosely covered with lid., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Several flies were seen in the establishment, and one dead one was seen on the top of the right cold prep unit. Keep flies out of establishment., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Repair the floor tiles that are broken or damaged at the ice machine area, warewashing area, and front counter. A tile is missing by the service sink, exposing bare concrete. Repair loose and missing baseboards by the back door, ice machine, utensil storage rack. 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics - Indoor Areas - The partial wall by the smoothie station has rough edges and exposed wood. Seal to provide a smooth, easi, 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - All of the trash containers at the dumpster area had open doors. Work with local vendors to assist in keeping doors closed to dumpsters to minimize insect attractants., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - A glass cleaner bottle contained a bleach solution. Bottle was relabeled with bleach. Ensure that working containers are properly labeled with the chemical they contain., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the Left Turbo Air cold prep unit, cups of sweet potatoes and corn were stacked above the pans&#39; fill lines, and a corn cup was 42.8 F, while a sweet potato cup was 46 F. Cups were reduced from both cups to cool in the bottom of the cooler. Ensure TCS foods are kept in cooler areas that allow 41 F or less temperatures."
TROPICAL SMOOTHIE CAFE	94.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Some scoops in prep area observed stored with handles laying in product. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Some scoops in prep area observed stored with handles laying in product. In use utensils must be stored in such a way that prevents product contamination., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Cleaning chemicals stored in salad prep area and container of WD-40 stored with produce in rear storage area. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that they do not pose a contamination hazards. CDI: chemicals removed., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Spray chemical bottles stored hanging in hand sink, Hand sinks shall be used for no tasks other than hand washing. CDI: bottles removed., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some plastic containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Lids for blenders in smoothie prep area stored in container with food debris and standing water. Equipment and utensils must be stored in a clean, dry location, 2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Two employees observed handling food wearing watches and one employee observed handling food wearing bracelet. No hand or arm jewelry may be worn when handling food, other than a smooth plain band on the finger.  2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - One employee observed handling food without effective hair restraint. Employee wearing visor, but visor does not effectively restrain employee hair. When handling food, hair must be effectively restrained., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Cleaning chemicals stored in salad prep area and container of WD-40 stored with produce in rear storage area. Toxic substances must be stored in such a way that they do not pose a contamination hazards. CDI: chemicals removed., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Spray chemical bottles stored hanging in hand sink, Hand sinks shall be used for no tasks other than hand washing. CDI: bottles removed., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some plastic containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.  4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Lids for blenders in smoothie prep area stored in container with food debris and standing water. Equipment and utensils must be stored in a clean, dry location, 2-303.11 Prohibition - Jewelry - Two employees observed handling food wearing watches and one employee observed handling food wearing bracelet. No hand or arm jewelry may be worn when handling food, other than a smooth plain band on the finger.  2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - One employee observed handling food without effective hair restraint. Employee wearing visor, but visor does not effectively restrain employee hair. When handling food, hair must be effectively restrained., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Plastic containers in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: Containers placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Plastic containers in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. CDI: Containers placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again."
TROPICANA SUPERMARKET MEAT MARKET	96.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Walk-in freezer is badly iced over, especially around the door and copious amounts of ice build-up underneath the condenser/fan.  4-202.16 Nonfood-Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be constructed to be easily cleanable. A shopping cart was being used for holding chicken on trays during wrapping process. Since shopping carts have small crevices, it is not easily cleanable. Recommend us, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored according to final cook temperature to prevent cross-contamination. Observed packages of ground beef stored above whole beef cuts and marinating chicken thighs stored on top of a box of whole pork cuts. CDI - items rearranged, chicken moved to chicken walk-in. Storage chart provided. 3-304.11 Food Contact with Equipment, Utensils, and Linens - Food may only contact surfaces that are"
TULA&#39;S FISH &amp; CHIPS MOBILE FOOD UNIT	97.5	"4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - The pot for storing utensils above the 3-compartment sink has grease and dust on it. Also, the tongs above the breader station are exposed to breader material floating in the air. Provide a bin to keep these protected from breader and dust to provide a clean storage environment., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - (C) The light over the rightmost fryer is 36 ft-cd. Provide at least 50 ft-cd here., 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - The debris and material from the 3-compartment sink interior, as well as surrounding areas of the sink., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the shelving at breader areas that store dry spices, and racks around the 3-compartment sink, to remove grime and dust buildup."
TULA&#39;S FISH AND CHIPS COMMISSARY	97.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Some shelving observed with food debris. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 6-303.11 Intensity-Lighting - Light above 3 comp sink at 22-36 foot candles. 3 compartment sink is used for food prep in facility. Provide at least 50 foot candles in this area., 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics-Indoor Areas - Wall surrounding hot water heater loose, allowing dry wall and unsealed wood to be exposed. Reseal wall to provide smooth and easily cleanable surface.   6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Wall above base board in restroom peeling paint. Keep all physical facilities in good repair."
UNCLE FRED&#39;S DINER	93.0	"4-302.14 Sanitizing Solutions, Testing Devices - Establishment does not have the correct test strips for their sanitizer solution. Establishment is using chlorine for sanitizer but is using quat test strips. The correct test strips will need to be obtained. .(Verification required), 3-401.13 Plant Food Cooking for Hot Holding - Macaroni and cheese that had been prepped and placed in the oven to cook was removed and temped between 87 and 94 degrees F. The pan was placed back in the oven to finish cooking., 4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - Operator of the establishment could not produce a food thermometer. A food thermometer shall be provided and readily accessible for use in assuring attainment and maintenance of food temperatures. (Verification required), 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - At the start of the inspection the handwashing sink was blocked with multiple items and a bag was placed in the handsink.  Handwashing sink may not be used for other purposes and shall not be used for anything other than handwashing. All items were removed from the handsink., 7-202.12 Conditions of Use - Spay bottle containing the chlorine sanitizer solution was above 200ppm. Chlorine sanitizer solutions shall be between 50 and 200ppm. Sanitizer requirements and testing measures were discussed., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Hot food items that were not being maintained in a hot holding unit were below the temperature requirement. Temperature control safety foods shall be maintained at a hot holding temperature of at least 135 degrees F . Food items were placed in the oven to be reheated and the stove was turned on for items in the pots., 2-301.12 Cleaning Procedure - Staff had to be instructed on how to properly wash their hands as they were observed turning off the water faucet with their bare hands. After handwashing to avoid recontamination of the hands of the hands food employees shall a disposable paper towel or other similar clean barriers to turn off manually operated faucets to avoid recontamination of the hands.  2-301.14 When to Wash - Food employees were observed handling cash and money transactions and then proceedin"
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE - (Lodging)	93.0	".1318(c) Miscellaneous - One stack of single service cups on two medication carts stored uncovered face up. Two pill crushers on carts in need of cleaning. Single service medication cups on carts must be stored covered or inverted and items on carts must be kept clean., .1319(b), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Soiled linen carts throughout facility not labeled as soiled linen. Carts for handling soiled linen must be labeled as soiled linen., .1312(a), (b) or (f) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Waste water pipe of 100/200 hall spa hand sink not attached to wall. During use, waste water flowed freely onto ground form pipe. Hand sink in room 306 partially obstructed and does not flow at normal velocity. Keep all bathing and hand washing facilities in good repair., .1312(f) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Disinfectant not correctly used. During inspection, discussed use of disinfectant with two employees. One employee stated that disinfectant remains on surface for a few seconds and one employee stated that disinfectant stays in surface for 5-7 minutes. Per manufacturer&#39;s label, disinfectant has a contact time of 10 minutes. recommend reviewing use of disinfectant with sanitation employees., .1319(a), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Some cabinets in pantry and medication rooms observed damaged. large sofa in activity room observed with debris under cushions. Keep all furniture clean and in good repair., .1310 Walls and ceilings throughout facility in need of repair. Several areas of walls observed with chipping and damage. Several door frames observed with resting and chipping metal. Vent in 700 hall ice room detached from ceiling. Some vents observed with dust accumulation. Keep all walls and ceilings clean and in good repair."
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE KITCHEN	95.5	"5-501.17 Toilet Room Receptacle, Covered - No covered waste receptacle provided in employee restroom. All restrooms used by females must be provided a covered waste receptacle., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some metal containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying.  4-903.11(A),(B),(D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Large scoops and silverware observed stored in vertical container with food contact portions facing upwards uncovered. Utensils must be stored covered or inverted to pr, 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Walls near entrance to mop pit and hood over dish machine showing signs of rusting. Walls in kitchen and restroom damaged. Base strip of wall in employee restroom missing. Keep all physical facilities in good repair., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Products in walk in cooler held above 41F. During inspection, facility received delivery of frozen and cold held food products. Per discussion with kitchen manager, facility leaves door open during receipt of deliveries to organize product. Per discussion, door open for about 30 minutes prior to observation. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below.  CDI: cooler left cl, 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization &#8211; Temperature, pH, Concentration, and Hardness. - Quat sanitizer from dispenser at 3 compartment sink not provided at correct concentration. Sanitizers must be used at correct concentration to ensure food contact surfaces are effectively sanitized. Verification required. Will verify by 6/24/2021."
UPTOWN BREWING COMPANY	98.0	"5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - A pitcher was observed stored off the side of one handwashing sink. A handwashing sink may not be used for purposes other than handwashing. Pitcher was removed from the handsink. Keep in mind that only handwashing shall occur at handsinks., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Outside dumpster unit was left with the side door open. All waste receptacle and recycling units outside the establishment shall be kept closed and covered with tight fitting lids and doors."
UPTOWN GREENVILLE HOTEL	97.5	".1824 (k) No test strips available for quaternary ammonia sanitizer. Per manager, test strips have been ordered and will arrive soon. Use test strips to ensure sanitizer is made to effective concentration., .1827 (g) In upstairs storage room, pesticides and cleaning chemicals stored with coffee makers and some single service items. Store all chemicals in such a way that prevents contamination."
V&#39;S HOTDOGS	96.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Chlorine sanitizer solution tested low not measuring on the test strip. Chlorine sanitizer solutions shall be between 50 and 200pm. Owner has the correct test strips for testing the sanitizer and was reminded that the test strips need to be used in order to ensure sanitizer is at proper strength., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - Utensils were stored in water that was only 80 degrees F. Utensils may be stored in a container of water when they are not being used as long as the water is maintained at a minimum temperature of 135 degrees F. Water was emptied from the container., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - Establishment owner is not a certified food protection manager."
VIDANT MEDICAL CENTER CAFETERIA	98.5	"3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - String beans and carrots at main service line food was below 135 degrees F. Keep food at 135 degrees F or above. Corrected during inspection. Food removed from the line."
VIDANT MEDICAL CENTER COFFEE SHOP	98.0	"2-201.11 (A), B), (C), and (E) Responsibility of Permit Holder, Person in Charge and Conditional Employees - Health policy not up to date  according to new food code. Provide staff with new health policy. Corrected during inspection. Policy provided."
VIDANT MEDICAL HOSPITAL - (Lodging)	96.5	".1319(c), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Pillow case and blanket were stained in LD119. Dust collecting on wheel chairs and assistive chairs in Rehab hallway by pool. Syringe was used as a door stop in NICU Pod D Antiroom.&amp;#x0D;Box with patient contact mats were stored on floor in E308A., .1319(a), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Clean debris from drawers in 1W117, 1W177, 1WC183, back cabinet in NICU Pod C. Beds in Bed Cleaning need more attention to the bases to remove dust. Cabinets need cleaning in 1WC131, N Tower, 3NT164 CC 409. Couch has debris in CC409. Gauze was on floor under mattress in LD119. Placenta refrigerator had debris inside. Countertop peeling in 3NT345.&amp;#x0D;Chair was torn in LD119. Sink counter has damage in 1WT162. Cabinet panel is loose in 3N3, .1312(e) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Hot water temperatures read outside of 100-116 F in 1WC181, LD119, 1WC151, 1WT162, 1RH229, 2CH135, 2CH136, 1RA205, 2CV 240, 2CV 250 CV153, 6CV240, 5CV239., .1312(c) or (d) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Hand sinks were blocked in 1SB626 by paper towel holder, dirty respirator in 1WC132, scale in 1WT174, food tray in 1RH205, computer in NICU Pod B, Styrofoam coolers in BNN1011."
VILLA VERDE	93.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (E) The ice scoop was sitting in the ice with the handle touching the ice. Scoops with no handle were sitting in the sugar and chicken base. Keep scoop handles out of food, and provide scoops with handles, to prevent contamination., 4-501.15 Warewashing Machines, Manufacturers&#8217; Operating Instructions - The dish machine was dispensing too much detergent during the wash cycle, leaving foamy residue after sanitizing cycle was completed. Discussed not using this sink until this can be repaired. Call was made to servicing company, and servicing company arrived during inspection. Staff also set up the 3-compartment sink to wash, rinse, and sanitize. Ensure equipment operates per manufacturer&#39;s instructions., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - The back room hand sink had a bucket with water sitting in it. Bucket was removed, Keep hand sinks free of obstacles that prevent handwashing., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - In the walk-in cooler, a pan of rice was dated 1/20, and a pan of chicken empanadas were dated 1/19. Discussed date marking application to these products. Both were pulled to discard. Ensure TCS foods are used or discarded within 7 days of date of opening or refrigeration., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the grill cooler, all TCS foods checked were above 41 F. Discussed with staff and PIC, and these pans were removed and set on table to clean the cooler. Air temperature of the cooler was 35 F. Discussed keeping these foods in a cooler while unit is cleaned to prevent unnecessary temperature fluctuations above 41 F., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee used gloved hands to put raw chicken in the fryer, but did not wash hands after removing the gloves before grabbing new gloves. Instructed employee to wash hands after removing gloves that have been used to handle raw animal foods. Employee washed hands. Ensure employee wash hands after raw animal food handling."
VILLA VERDE (STANTONSBURG)	94.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - In the Turbo Air 2-door cooler 1, a container of mixed salad cooled from 45.3 F - 45.5 F to 45.1 F - 45.0 F in 21 minutes, for a rate of 0.01 to 0.05 F/minute. Cool TCS foods at rate of 0.12 F/minute or higher. Also, large containers of raw chicken and beef were cooling in the Turbo Air cooler 2, and were 48-47 F, respectively. Containers were thick plastic containers, and had lids on them. This also applies for the cooling beans (46 F).  3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Dis, 7-209.11 Storage - Other Personal Care Items - A container with personal vitamins was stored on the shelf above the steam table. Products were placed on the bottom shelf. Keep personal care items stored in locations away from food and equipment, and not above these items., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - An employee drink with no lid was stored on the expo line above the steam table in the kitchen. Drink was discarded. Keep employee drinks stored in locations below preparation areas to prevent contamination, and ensure drinks have lids on them., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - On the steam table at the front counter, a pan of potatoes was 130-118 F, and a pan of sausage links was 129-133.8 F. Both pans were pulled for discarding. Ensure TCS foods remain at 135 F or higher at all times. Discussed reordering products on steam table that might need higher heat setting to maintain this requirement., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - In the Turbo Air cooler 2, the beef and chicken empanadas were labeled 1/03 and 1/05, respectively. Manager stated they come from the other establishment. Pans were discarded. Ensure that TCS foods are discarded if not use within seven days of opening the commercial product.  3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Pork empanadas in the Turbo Air cooler 2 did not have a label"
VILLA VERDE MFU	92.5	"4-602.13 Clean the shelf above the cold prep unit of debris. Clean sides of cooking equipment, and 2-compartment sink. Clean hood of buildup., 4-501.11 Repair the leak from the faucet on the 2-compartment sink.  Repair the gaskets on the cold prep unit and freezer units that are not sealing well, allowing air to escape from the seals and drawers., 2-204.112 Both cold prep units did not have air thermometers. Provide air thermometers for these coolers., 6-501.12 Clean the floor of dirt and debris. Clean walls around the cold prep unit. 6-501.11 Floors under cold prep unit, at entrance, and around 2-compartment sink/pump area have cracks and missing tile. Light fixture at entrance is dangling loose. Repair wall areas that have cracks in them., 4-903.11(A) Clean the magnetic bar storing knives by the cold prep unit that has food debris on it., 3-601.16(A)(2) In the cold prep unit, the following TCS foods were above 41 F; raw beef 44 F; slices of cheese 48 F; ham slices 48 F. Unit did not have air thermometer, so air inside could not be assessed. No foods were stored in the drawers; all foods were in top area. Manager stated the power from the generator had been plugged up since approximately 4:30pm. Due to this, and service period ending at 8pm, discussed with manager to discard all TCS foods from this cooler when service period ends."
VILLAGE POINT MARKET	95.0	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Boxes of single service containers and utensils stored directly on floor. Single service articles smut be stored at least six inches above the floor., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gasket of right freezer door torn and damaged. Inside of lid of main prep unit partial detached, exposing foam insulation. Keep all equipment in good repair., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting in women&#39;s restroom at 5-9 ft-cd and 5-7 ft-cd in men&#39;s restroom. Provide at least 20 ft-cd of light in all toilet rooms and at all hand sinks.  6-501.14 Cleaning Ventilation Systems, Nuisance and Discharge Prohibition - Ceiling vents in kitchen rea in need of cleaning to remove dust accumulation. Keep all ventilation systems clean.  6-403.11 Designated Areas - Employee Accommodations for eating / drinking / smoking - Employee bottle of water and thermos, 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Lids of outdoor cardboard waste receptacle open. Receptacle open due to large volume of cardboard present in receptacle. All outdoor waste receptacles shall be kept closed or covered with tight fitting lid when not in immediate use., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Tuna salad cooling in deep container with tight fitting lid and chili cooling in ice bath with all ice melted. Chili cooling at insufficient rate. Effective cooling methods smut be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: Tuna spread onto sheet pan and  moved to reach in unit. Ice added to ice bath. Discussed cooling methods with PIC. Recommend frequent monitoring of ice in ice baths and frequent stirring."
W B JONES CENTER	94.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to the flooring under 3 compartment sink along the wall. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to be free from build-up., 4-801.11 Clean Linens - Observed clean cloths stored on metal shelving that had german cockroach fecal matter and dead carcasses. Clean linens shall be stored in a manner that keeps them clean and free from contamination., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Observed heavy amounts of ice build-up inside walk-in freezer, condenser inside 2 door reach-in freezer frozen over, and rack in dry storage rusted. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - Observed turkey and ham deli meat dated for 1/26 and 1/27. Observed sliced cheese dated for 1/22. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods that are prepared or opened from manufacture packaging is used within 7 days. All were discarded during inspection.  3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Observed bag of shredded cheddar cheese in reach-in cooler without a date mark. Ensure ready t, 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Observed live german cockroaches inside of metal shelving in kitchen. Establishment shall be maintained pest free. Increase pest treatment.  6-501. 112 Removing Dead or Trapped Birds, Insects, Rodents and other Pests - Observed dead german cockroaches in metal shelving and on flooring under 3 compartment sink. Ensure dead insects are being removed once found."
W H ROBINSON SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.0	"6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - Keep physical facility in good repair.  Along the 3 comp sink side of kitchen and behind ice machine, the junction material is missing between coving and wall in spots.  Repairs made to wall and coving near office need to be filled to seal gap.  Repairs have been made to ware washing wall and are complete.  Continue repairing to keep physical facility in good repair 6-501.16 Drying Mops - Mop in service sink area was hung dry wit, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous food must be kept at or above 135F.  Hot dogs in hot box were at 110-116F.  PIC discussed difficulties of hot holding hot dogs after being prepared.  During temperature observation, reviewed time and temperature log sheet with PIC. Hot dogs in hot box being hot held and not yet been removed from temperature control to TPHC.  All prepared hot dogs (prepared at 9:30am) in hot box were placed o"
WAFFLE HOUSE #2078	92.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on all door seals and edges of drawers where container meets the drawer. Cleaning needed on racks where clean cup trays are stored., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous foods shall be hot held at 135F or above. Chili was below 135F in the first steam well. Hardly any water was left in the steam well. CDI - chili reheated on stove, water added to steam well., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Door seals torn on the 4 door reach-in, 3 door reach-in, and the reach-in underneath prep top holding hashbrowns and batter., 4-501.112 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Hot Water Sanitization Temperatures - For a stationary single rack dish machine, the minimum sanitizing temperature shall be 165F. Temperatures below 140F today. Will return by 5/14/2021 to verify sanitizing temperatures at dish machine. Use 3-comp sink well for final sanitizing step using the chlorine mixture or use a spray bottle and spray all surfaces of dishes when removed from dish machine and allow to air dry."
WAFFLE HOUSE 1711	91.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the area around the toasters. Clean the cold prep unit around hinges and lid. Clean the sides or the left APW warmer with food debris along the peeling label. Clean grime from the walk-in cooler racks., 5 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean dust from the ceiling in the cook area around the return air vents. Clean floors and walls under cooking equipment and around the dish machine. Clean floors around the 3-compartment sink and back area. 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Repair the broken floor tiles in the front cook area to prevent water pooling., 4-501.113 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Sanitization Pressure - The pressure gauge on the dish machine read approximately 45 psi. Pressure shall be between 5-30 psi during hot water sanitizing rinse, and 15-25 psi per manufacturer&#39;s requirement. Have pressure checked., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - A container with an uncovered lettuce head in the Delfield 2-door cooler was collecting dripping condensate water in the container, exposing the lettuce head to this condensate water. Manager stated condensate drips for the unit constantly. Discussed keeping food containers covered. Lettuce was discarded. Protect food from sources of contamination, which includes non-potable water., 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - In the Delfield 2-door cooler, a container of sausage gravy passed seven-day date marking requirement on 1/04/2022 (was dated 12/29/2021). Product was discarded. Ensure TCS foods subject to date marking are used or discarded within seven days of preparation., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee did not wash hands before donning gloves to pull meat for orders after handling a cell phone. Another time, employee did not wash hands between donning gloves after placing raw bacon on the grill, and transitioning to handling a skillet with a cooked egg. Discussed with employee and manager, and reviewed the policy that states handwashing requirements. Ensure employees understand when to hand wash to minimize contamination., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - The egg placard was dated with 1/05, but with a time of 6PM to 12AM. Manager explained that the times were supposed reversed, for example, 6AM to 12PM. However, it was pointed out that this inspection began at 12:40pm, and it was not known when the egg basket was placed. Eggs were discarded. Another employee was seen placing eggs in basket above cook line, but not marked. Ensure employees understand TPHC for raw shell eggs. Reviewed the policy."
WAFFLE HOUSE 187	90.5	"4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Handle on dish machine is broken and handle on 2 door delfield computer is broken. Dish machine is not properly heating to 180F for final rinse temperature. Multiple gaskets on 4 door delfield cooler is torn. Equipment shall be maintained in good repair., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under cook line, dish machine area, and walls near area where waffle machines get cleaned. Physical facilities shall be cleaned frequently enough to prevent build-up.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Fill holes in walling near ice machine, near office, and along walling near prep sinks. Physical facilities shall be in good repair and cleanable., 4-501.15 Warewashing Machines, Manufacturers&#8217; Operating Instructions - Final rinse dial on dish machine is stuck at 120F-130F and not accurately displaying the rinse temperature. Have dial repaired so that it reads accurately., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to nonfood contact surfaces: gaskets to refrigeration, at top of prep cooler, along framing to reach-in coolers, along the framing and guiderails to the drawers throughout the cook line, and on counter under cook line.  Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean and free from build-up., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed egg spoon, egg skillets, metal food containers, bowls, and plates that were stored clean with food debris left on them. Ensure food contact surfaces are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all food residues before storing clean. All were put at dish pit to be rewashed during inspection. CDI.  4-501.112 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Hot Water Sanitization Temperatures - Dish machine was not reachin, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Observed employee directly handle raw sausage patty with gloves on and not take their gloves off and wash their hands before scooping cooked grits into a clean bowl. Observed employee crack two eggs with gloves on and not their take their gloves off and wash their hands before handling clean single-use items. Discussed proper hand washing procedures with PIC during inspection and they discussed them with employees. CDI. Both employees washed their hands after talking with"
WAFFLE HOUSE 995	90.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - A pile of wet towels was sitting on the main line, and a wet towel was maintained under the cook line above the shelves. Keep wet towels in sanitizer solution between uses., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Clean the storage cabinets with utensils in them of food debris. Close the hole in the upper wall in dry storage by the camera. The wall by the walk-in cooler is peeling paint. A ceiling tile in the dry storage is ajar, and is leaving a gap.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean the floors under the 3-compartment sink, and under the grill station as well., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - The storage rack for chemical products is rusting. Repair the torn gasket on the upper right Delfield 4-door cooler door. 4-502.11 (A) and (C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensils and Temperature and Pressure Measuring Devices - The air thermometer on the Delfield 3-door cooler was broken, and the air thermometer placed inside was reading 20 F. Another air thermometer was added, and demonstrated 32 F inside the cooler. The other thermomete, 4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the dish machine exterior to remove general grime and buildup, including pipes and booster heater., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean the top of the ice machine to remove grime. Clean racks at the service station of general grease and grime. Clean the drawers and gaskets on storage area under the cook line, and around doors on cold prep unit, and reach-in coolers., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - Clean the storage bins for utensils under the cook line that have food debris and grease dripping inside the drawers., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - (A)(1) In the Delfield cold prep unit, a container of waffle batter was stored next to hash brown containers. Discussed storage order. Keep raw animal foods stored away from produce foods to prevent contamination. 3-304.11 Food Contact with Equipment, Utensils, and Linens - A package of opened sliced cheese was stored on a rack in the Delfield cold prep unit, but the cheese was not wrapped, and was touching the stor, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - A container of waffle batter was stored next to the waffle irons at the beginning of the reinspection, and was placed into the Delfield cold prep unit after arrival. However, product was 55 F. Product was discarded. Ensure that TCS foods are maintained at 41 F or less, and not maintained outside of temperature control unless under preparation, or under TPHC., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (A)(4) Two food thermometers were stored in their holders, and both had not been cleaned prior to storage. Both were removed to clean. Ensure food thermometers are cleaned prior to storage and before use. 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (E)(4) An ice bin lid at the second drink station had mildew around the lid that flaked off when manager pulled off the lid. Keep ice bin lids clean to prevent"
WAHL- COATES SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.0	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Clean the floors under the 2-compartment prep sink, around the 2-door cooler, and in the dish machine area. Floors have general debris collecting on them. Also, clean dust from the vent in the dish machine area., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the service line, a pan of spaghetti was low, but some of the product was as low as 127 F. Product was served, and had been on the line for less than one hour. A pan of spaghetti at least 145 F was placed on the service line. Ensure that TCS foods remain at 135 F or higher at all times."
WAL MART DELI DEPT 1379	99.5	4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on shelving in the walk-in cooler where black and fuzzy build-up has occurred.
WAL-MART 5851	95.5	"6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Observed flooring under/near fryer that is eroded and exposing raw concreate. Have flooring repaired so that it&#39;s smooth &amp;amp; easily cleanable.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to flooring under fryers and under chemical storage rack. Ensure flooring is being cleaned frequently enough to be kept clean and cleaned when their are spills.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Res, 3-307.11 Miscellaneous Sources of Contamination - Observed open bag of prebreaded chicken in walk-in freezer under condenser that had been leaking. Technician said it was leaking due to door not properly sealing at all times so when it goes into defrost there is excessive condensation build-up. Ensure open bags of food are stored in an area where they cannot be leaked on. Open bag was discarded during inspection. CDI., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Observed egg rolls and corndogs on customer grab n go hot case past their 4 hour discard time. It was 2:15PM and their discard time was 2PM. All were discarded during inspection. CDI."
WALMART DELI #7222	98.0	"4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Observed single-use containers stored with right side up, ensure containers are inverted so the food contact portion is protected. Containers flipped during inspection. Observed surface where single-use containers were being stored that had build-up, ensure surfaces where single-use items are stored are kept clean and free from build-up. Containers moved during inspection. CDI., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Observed boxes of raw whole chicken stored above boxes of ribs on a push cart in walk-in cooler. Ensure meats are being stacked by their minimum safe final cooking temperature. Chicken was moved to bottom of cart and ribs to the top during inspection. CDI."
WALMART NEIGHBORHOOD DELI #7337	97.5	"6-101.11 Surface Characteristics - Indoor Areas - Observed flooring in poor repair near 3 compartment sink and oven. Flooring shall be in good repair, smooth, and easily cleanable., 4-702.11 Before Use After Cleaning - Observed spray sanitizing bottle used to sanitize meat slicer test at 0ppm quaternary ammonia. Ensure sanitizing solution is being changed out in bottle frequently enough to keep concentration at 200-400ppm quaternary ammonia. Bottle refilled from sink at 300ppm quaternary ammonia. CDI."
WALMART NHM DELI  7235	97.0	"3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Observed subs and pin wheels on display shelving at 42-44F. Ensure ready to eat TCS foods on display shelving are maintained 41F and below. All were removed and put into walk-in cooler. CDI. Recommend lowering temperature of unit or keeping foods pushed back 4-6&quot; from edge of shelving., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Observed several metal food containers stored on clean storage rack with greasy residues and dried food residues throughout them. Ensure food utensils are being thoroughly cleaned to remove all residues inside and outside of them. All put in wash basin of 3 compartment sink. CDI."
WALTON ACADEMY KITCHEN	97.5	"2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Employees serving food today were not wearing hair restraints. All FOOD EMPLOYEES shall wear a hair restraint when plating and serving food., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Cleaning is needed inside microwave for school serving area, inside reach-in coolers and reach-in freezers, outside of equipment and prep tables. These shall be cleaned regularly. REPEAT., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - At serving area, Disinfectant Spray including Lysol, Clorox wipes, and Food Surface Sanitizer sprays were stored at top shelving above single-service items including plates, bowls, cups, utensils, and napkins. Shall store these below SINGLE-SERVICE items stored here. CDI."
WARRENS HOT DOGS	98.5	"6-101.11 Surface Characteristics - Indoor Areas - Replace the wood piece that is in use as ceiling tile near the dough station. Replace with material that is nonabsorbent and smooth. 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - The ceiling tile supports are rusting throughout the establishment. The side door has a large crack, and paint is peeling around the door, as well as window on this wall, and some wall areas throughout where wall cracks have formed. Rep, 6-202.16 Exterior Walls and Roofs, Protective Barrier - Repair the front left corner of the building&#39;s awning that is damaged and exposing the frame. Repair the dangling awning at drive-thru that are loose, and exposing large gaps to the roof. Repair these areas to prevent entry of insects and rodents."
WASABI 88	95.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Some gaskets of cooler in kitchen and bar area in need of cleaning to remove debris and build up. Baffles of hood in need of cleaning to remove grease accumulation. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Black accumulation from grease spillage and some debris observed in outdoor waste storage area. Keep all outdoor waste storage areas clean and free of debris., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Metal pans and plastic containers observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils shall be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Spring rolls in expo cooler and seaweed salad in sushi prep area held above 41F. When held cold,, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below. CDI: Spring rolls vented and left to cool in cooler. Seaweed salad placed in walk in unit and replaced with products at 41F or below., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some plates and bowls observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Dishes placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again."
WASHINGTON CRAB	92.0	"3-603.11 Consumption of Animal Foods that are Raw, Undercooked, or Not Otherwise Processed to Eliminate Pathogens - Consumer advisory shall include a disclosure including asterisking the foods in question to a foot note that states that the items are served raw or undercooked, or contain (or may contain) raw or undercooked ingredients. Ahi tuna is asterisked on the menu and is served undercooked but is missing that disclosure statement.  Salmon and tuna listed as add ons in the salad section of, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on hood baffles where grease and dust has built up. Cleaning needed inside the seafood prep unit cavity of food debris and on the fan guards in the walk-in where build-up has occurred., 3-101.11 Safe, Unadulterated and Honestly Presented - Food shall be safe for human consumption. Observed some black spots on cooked potatoes in the prep unit with significant amount of juice in the bag from product decomposition. Prep date was 2/1. CDI - bag discarded., 3-203.12 Shellstock, Maintaining Identification - (A) Shellstock tags or labels shall remain attached to the container in which the shellstock are received until the container is empty. Observed bag of fresh clams in the reach-in in front of prep sinks with no harvester tag affixed to bag. Will return within ten days to verify tags are being kept with shellstock containers. (B) The date when the last shellstock from the container is sold or served shall be recorded on the tag or label. Observed, 3-501.18 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Disposition - Ready to eat TCS foods shall be discarded at the end of the 7 day date marking period. Cooked potatoes with a prep date of 2/1 in the prep unit. CDI - bag discarded., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw animal foods shall be stored above ready to eat foods. Observed raw shrimp stored above cooked potatoes in the prep unit and two cartons of raw shell eggs stored above ready to eat sauces and milk in the walk-in. CDI - items rearranged properly."
WELL PLAYED GAMES	99.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Inside of table top oven and outsides of some food storage containers in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Single service pizza boxes stored directly on floor in dry storage area. Single service articles smut be stored at least 6 inches above the floor."
WELLCOME MIDDLE SCHOOL CAFETERIA	98.5	3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Potentially hazardous foods shall be hot held at 135F or above. Fish sandwiches in one pan in hot box ranged from 128 -136F. Pan was covered with plastic wrap. CDI - hot box was turned up. Recommend wrapping sandwiches in aluminum foil like the broccoli to keep the heat in after reheating/cooking.
WENDY&#39;S  3227	95.5	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - A red scoop was observed in a pan of water that was at 50 degrees F. During pauses in food preparation utensils may be stored in water if the water in maintained at 135 degrees F or water is under pressure to remove loose particles. Pan was removed., 5-202.12 Handwashing Sinks, Installation - The front handwashing sink reached a maximum of 92 degrees F. Each handwashing sink shall be equipped to provide water at a temperature of 100 degrees F minimum.  (Verification required), 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Outside dumpster pad area has trash, boxes, and other debris stored around the area. Outside storage areas for waste receptacles, recyclables and returnables shall be maintained clean. Outside dumpster unit should be cleaned and pressure washed., 5-103.11 Capacity-Quantity and Availability - Establishment is having issues with their hot water. The 3 compartment sink reached a maximum temperature of 87 degrees F during inspection. Manager stated that a new water system was recently installed but a work order was submitted to have the system looked at. Establishment should have a water system of sufficient capacity to meet water demands of the establishment.  (Verification required)"
WENDY&#39;S #318	90.0	"2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Two employees did not have hair restraints while handling exposed food. Employees who handle exposed food shall wear hair restraints. This includes if hair is pulled back, but loose. 2-302.11 Maintenance - Fingernails - An employee at the front line had painted fingernails that were not covered while handling food orders, such as placing fry boats in to bags. Employee put on gloves. Ensure employees who have long painted fingernails keep them covered wi, 4-903.11 (A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles - Storing - Clean the single-service lid holding areas of crumbs at the takeout drink station., 3-501.13 Thawing - A bacon jam bag was submerged in water in the prep sink, and was 76 F. Product was discarded by GM. Thawing ready-to-eat foods shall be thawed under running water 70 F or less, and shall be kept under 41 F while thawing., 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Two food boxes were stored on the floor in the walk-in freezer. GM stated products were received this morning. Ensure food is stored at least 6 inches above floor to prevent contamination. Also, recommend to cover the cooked bacon in the back Cayenne warmers to protect from potential contamination from overhead boxes that slide on the shelves. Also, provide a cover for the exposed ice on the ice machine until the broken lid is, 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand towels were present at the front hand sink. Towels were replaced. Keep hand towels stocked at handwashing sinks at all times, and replaced when they are emptied., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cream cheese and cheese spreads were on the takeout cooler at 46-44 F, respectively. GM stated that products were filled from the front line cooler, and filled too high. Both were discarded. Ensure TCS foods are maintained at 41 F or less., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the hot holding wells by the grills, cheese sauces and bacon jam were 107-129 F. All were removed, and reheated to 165 F - 180 F. Ensure that TCS foods are held at 135 F or higher. All pans were sitting in double pans, so that pans containing food were not directly touching hot water baths., 4-703.11 Hot Water and Chemical - Methods - In the 3-compartment sink, the quaternary ammonia was less than 150 ppm while utensil lids were submerged in it. GM replaced water with 200-300 ppm sanitizer. Ensure quaternary ammonia is maintained at 150-400 ppm per manufacturer&#39;s specification., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee handled raw hamburgers to place on the grill, removed gloves, and then grabbed new gloves to put on without washing hands. Discussed with the employee, who washed hands. Ensure employees wash hands after handling raw animal foods, and between changing tasks."
WENDY&#39;S #3228	94.5	"6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Physical facilities shall be kept clean. Walls around the mop sink had mildew today. Clean the walls around the mop sink.  6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed - Floor to wall junctions shall be coved to no more than 1 mm. Coving tiles around the mop sink have become detached from the walls. Caulk the tiles around here so they are sealed to the walls., 5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Dumpster doors shall be kept closed when not in continuous use. Both overhead doors open on the cardboard dumpster today. One side door open on the garbage dumpster today. Speedway and Wendy&#39;s both have to keep the doors closed., 5-203.14 Backflow Prevention Device, When Required - Plumbing systems shall be equipped with backflow prevention. Backflow preventer bell cap is missing on the top faucet at the mop sink today. PIC instructed an employee to go ahead and order the backflow preventer. Will return to verify that this has been corrected by 8/15/2019., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Foods on Time as a Public Health Control shall be labeled with the time of discard. Items on the prep top did not have the time labeled upon entry. Time was updated during inspection. Be sure to label the counter with times once food is placed on time., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - Equipment shall be kept in good repair. Gasket on the far right door of the main prep cooler is torn today. Gasket on the raw beef cooler door also torn today. Keep equipment in good repair."
WENDY&#39;S #332	97.0	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles, 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Keep dumpster lids and doors closed in between uses.   The storage area and enclosure for refuse shall be maintained free of unnecessary items. Observed trash on the ground around and outside the trash storage area. Keep these areas free of trash and debris.&amp;#x0D;, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Employees must wash hand when switching between tasks that contaminate hands and before working with ready to eat foods.  Observed cook working with raw burgers then clean area with sanitizer cloth, then removed gloves and put new ones on to remove cooked burger patties from grill.  Employee was trained by REHS that after working with chemicals and raw animal product that hands must be washed and new gloves donned before working with ready to eat foods."
WENDY&#39;S #339	95.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep all non food contact surfaces clean.  Cleaning needed on cold holding equipment in kitchen are to remove food debris on gaskets and at bottom shelves.  Additional cleaning needed on yellow containers to remove dried debris., 6-201.13 Floor and Wall Junctures, Coved, and Enclosed or Sealed, 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Tiled coving throughout kitchen and dish area has visible gap and needs to be resealed to wall.  Observed standing water in corner of kitchen area.  Cleaning needed to remove grease and food debris under fryers and equipment in food service area.  Keep physical facility in good repair and clean., 8-103.12 Conformance with Approved Procedures - Establishment will be in compliance with written procedures for items under variances.  Observed Schreiber sliced cheese on prep line were not mark or labeled with time to discard per written procedures.  Ensure that time are added for these items when removed from temperature control.  Time added., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Keep chemicals stored away from food, clean utensils and equipment.  Observed bottle of degreaser stored on counter next to raw burgers, grill cleaner packets were stored above closed and open packages of bread.  Chemicals were removed.  Ensure that chemicals are stored in designated areas., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Establishment must be in compliance with written procedures.  Tomatoes and lettuce containers on prep line were not mark or labeled with time to discard per written procedures.  Ensure that times are added for these items when removed from temperature control.  Times added to items."
WENDY&#39;S 303	95.5	"4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some metal pans observed tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be stored in such a way that promotes effective air drying., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cheese sauce in walk in unit cooling in deep plastic  container with tight fitting lid. Cheese sauce not cooling at required rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: discarded., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Baffles of hood over burger station and some cooking equipment in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean. Significant cleaning observed since previous inspection. Continue cleaning measures., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Timers for fries and nuggets held on TPHC not running. Per facility SOP&#39;s, fries and nuggets in this area are held on TPHC. Per policy, integral unit times are to be used to monitor times of products. Times must be documented when using TPHC to ensure product is used or discarded. CDI: Timers activated. Significant improvement observed to adherence to TPHC procedures. TPHC correctly followed in all other areas Continue training regarding TPHC procedures, 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Some metal pans in clean equipment storage area observed with residual food debris. Food contact surfaces shall be kept clean to sight and touch. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Pans placed in ware washing area to be cleaned again. Significant cleaning to food equipment observed today. Continue training employees regarding cleaning of food contact surfaces."
WEST END DINING	95.0	"3-302.15 Washing Fruits and Vegetables - Observed employee cutting whole cantaloupes prior to washing. Raw fruits and vegetables shall be thoroughly washed in water to remove soil and other contaminants before being cut, combined with other ingredients, cooked, served, or offered for human consumption, 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Gaskets of coolers in smoothie station and pizza prep area torn and door in home line stations damaged. keep all equipment in good repair., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cantaloupe cooling in tightly sealed bags, chicken salad cooling in deep metal container tightly sealed with plastic wrap, and Salad cooling in insufficient ice bath. Cantaloupe and chicken salad cooling at insufficient rates. Effective cooling methods must be sued to ensure rapid cooling. CDI: Cantaloupe moved to sheet pan, chicken salad vented, and salad removed., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Bulk ice machine in rear storage rea in need of cleaning. Ice machines shall be cleaned at manufacturer&#39;s specified frequency or at sufficient frequency to prevent soil accumulation. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Ice removed from machine and cleaned.  4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Pans in ware washing area observed with sticker residue on outsides of containers. Outs, 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Pans of fries throughout service area and pan of sausage gravy in pizza/pasta service area held at less than 135F. When held hot, TCs products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: Items reheated to minimum 165F."
WHICH WHICH	90.5	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - Lids and doors open. Keep close.&amp;#x0D;&amp;#x0D;Improvements made since last inspection., 2-303.11 Prohibition-Jewelry - Observed food employee wearing wrist bands. Only a plain band ring can be worn., 903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Single service items not inverted and napkins and half jugs observed on the floor in hallway storage. Keep items inverted and stored above the floor., 6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Debris observed on the floor in walk in freezer and around equipment. Keep floor clean., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Food debris observed in reach in units gaskets. Keep clean., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Food in prep unit and some food in walk in not maintaining 41 degrees F or below. Keep food at required temperature., 3-501.17 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Date Marking., 3-501.18 Ready-to-Eat, Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), Disposition. - Food in main prep unit not dated or observed with discard dates of 11/20. Hummus dated for discard date of 11/26 food exceeded 7 days. Keep food date marked and food can be kept for 7 days and day one is the day prepared or opened. Corrected during inspection., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - A container of pepperoni observed under open shelving exposed. Thermometer observed inside onions and thermometer base observed touching food. Keep food covered and protected from contamination. Corrected during inspection."
WHICH WICH #439	95.0	"5-501.113 Covering Receptacles - One door on both outdoor waste receptacles open. Keep all outdoor waste receptacles closed or covered when not in immediate use. Very little debris surrounding outdoor waste receptacles today.  5-501.114 Using Drain Plugs - Outdoor waste dumpster not provided drain plug. Provide drain plug., 4-502.11(B) &#8211; Good Repair &#8211; Calibration - During ice water calibration test, primary food thermometer indicated temperature of 28F. During ice bath calibration, food temp thermometer should read 32F. Thermometers must be calibrated to ensure accurate food temperature observations. Verification required. Will verify by 9/2/2021.  4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - Ambient air temp thermometer missing in both prep coolers and thermometer in milkshake cooler broken. Ambient air temperatu, 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some metal containers observed stored tightly stacked with residual moisture. After cleaning, equipment and utensils must be store din such a way that promotes effective air drying. CDI: containers unstacked by PIC., 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Some products in left side of meat prep unit and sliced tomatoes in topping station held above 41F. Items at out of complain temperatures in meat prep unit at 45-47F. Meat prep unit left closed to cool after initial observation, but no significant change in temperature observed. When held cold, potentially hazardous foods must be held at 41F or below. CDI: tomatoes cooled to 41F. Verification required"
WILLIAMS CATERING COMMISSARY	98.5	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Baseboard pulling away from wall in restroom and wall in 3 comp sink area damaged and interior of wall partially exposed. Keep all physical facilities in good repair.  6-101.11 S, 7-204.11 Sanitizers, Criteria-Chemicals - Sanitizer spray bottle at greater than 200ppm Cl. Sanitizers must be used at correct concentrations. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Sanitizer remade at 100-200ppm Cl"
WILLIAMS CATERING MOBILE FOOD TRAILER #2	95.0	"5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - Liquid container observed stored in hand sink. Hand sinks are to be used for hand washing only. Corrected during inspection (CDI): Container removed., 4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Single service forks and napkins stored on floor near hand sink. Single service articles must be stored at least 6 in above the floor. CDI: single service, 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food-Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Raw chicken (not frozen) stored above package of hot dogs in upright freezer. Food is to be stored according to ready to eat status and minimum final cook temperature. CDI: Hot, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Slaw observed in one door refrigeration unit at 58F. Pan where slaw and potato salad are stored set in container that previously held ice. Container observed w"
WINGATE IN BREAKFAST BAR	94.0	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Use approved cooling methods.  Use thin pans and shallow pans with a loose lid when cooling.&amp;#x0D;Thick deep plastic bowl with lid used for gravy.  CDI. Discussed and found a better pan and loose lid to use., 4-903.11(A) and (C) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles-Storing - Store single service items such as paper cups and similar items off the floor. Box of cups wrapped in sleeve on the floor of side storage room., 3-501.14 Cooling - Items must fully cool from 135F to 70F in 2 hours or less, and from 70F to 41F in 4 hours or less. &amp;#x0D;Gravy made Friday at 45 to 48F.  Warmer temperatures in the middle.  CDI. Discarded., 4-601.11(A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood-Contact Surfaces, and Utensils, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - Keep ice machines clean and food contact surfaces must be cleaned and sanitized. &amp;#x0D;Ice machine with mildew spots in back panel. Repeat.&amp;#x0D;Container and lid not being sanitized.  Discussed with employee making sure items are washed, rinsed, sanitized using the bleach water after rinsing all items.  CDI.  Made bleach water sanitizer and sa"
WINGATE INN	95.0	".1827 (b) - Cleaning chemicals stored at spray bottles were not clearly labeled with name. Shall be sure these are clearly labeled to identify solutions., .1824 (b) - Ice chutes for floors 2, 3, and 4 all observed with buildup. These shall be cleaned regularly., .1826 (f) - Observed the following: Leak signs at 4th floor ceiling outside elevator, 1st floor above vending area, and ceiling tiles at 1st floor hall and laundry/services area. Wall is in poor repair outside laundry room, room 301 (near window), peeling wall paper at  bathroom for 211, 311 - missing light switch cover and wall repair is needed here, 411 - finish repair at beverage station with exposed wood and damaged wall / outlet cover behind tv. Repair walls where damaged around ac units wh"
WINGATE INN BREAKFAST BAR	97.0	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Repair is needed for damaged/cracked floor tiles and wall behind warewashing sink. These shall be in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Detail cleaning is needed for floors behind equipment including dish machine, ice machine, and refrigeration. Dusting is also needed today for ac vent at kitchen., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - Cleaning is needed for garbage area. Shredded paper and debris was observed on the garbage pad., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Facility was not following TPHC procedures by labeling hot items including bacon and eggs at service area with a time or maintaining records. Shall follow procedures if using TPHC., 6-501.111 Controlling Pests - Roaches seen today behind dish machine. Shall work to eliminate pests."
WINGS OVER GREENVILLE	93.0	"6-501.110 Using Dressing Rooms and Lockers - Employees shall use designated areas for storing possessions to prevent contamination. Observed bluetooth speaker stored on prep surface of the main prep unit., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on shelving in the kitchen where sauces and food debris have spilled, interiors of both reach-in freezers where food debris has accumulated, dunnage racks next to dry storage shelf in kitchen to remove microbial growth, and shelving in walk-in coolers to remove build-up., 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Chemicals shall be stored away from food items. Observed bottle of disinfectant stored on a box of ranch dressing packs. CDI - disinfectant relocated., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - Foods held for TPHC must be labeled with the time item was pulled from cold holding, hot holding, or cooked/prepped. Chicken wings, chicken tenders, and batter were not labeled with time for TPHC at the breading station. CDI - times added to the white board., 3-501.17 Ready-To-Eat Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Date Marking - RTE TCS foods shall be date marked when prepped. Observed sliced tomatoes in the prep unit without date marking. PIC did not know when item was prepped. CDI - tomatoes discarded., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch. Observed some dishes in clean storage food and sticker debris. CDI - items moved to be washed."
WINGSTOP	95.5	"3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cool foods properly using approved cooling methods.  Use thin shallow pans, not stacking cups on top of each other for ranch cups, do not block fry cart with other fry cart.  Ranch cups stacked with lids and fries in thin pans but thick.  CDI.  Fry cart moved to not block 2nd cooling fry cart, ranches discussed., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Non-food contact surfaces must be kept clean.  Some lids and outside edges of pans with slight greasy residue.  Sent to clean., 3-302.12 Food Storage Containers Identified with Common Name of Food - Keep all food containers labeled including all spice jars/bottles/pitcher.  Several dry spice jars not labeled., 3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitation - Wet towels can only be placed in sanitizer.  Not soapy water.  Rags in soapy water pail. CDI.  Discussed, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Keep cold held foods held cold at 41F at all times.  Raw chicken and fries on the table and fries in walk in night before and ranch in a bottle in a top prep above 41F.  Door was opened to cooler due to late delivery.  Fries and chicken held on ice not enough was around items to keep at 41F or below.  All items cooled/cooling/or chicken/fries used within 4 hours of being taken out.  CDI.  TPHC for chi"
WINGSTOP	90.5	"3-304.14 Wiping Cloths, Use Limitations - Observed sanitizing bucket under wing sauce station at 0ppm quaternary ammonia and bucket near front counter that had soapy water in it. Ensure sanitizing buckets are being maintained at 150-350ppm quaternary ammonia. Sanitizer is being dispenser from sanitizer at 150ppm, I recommend having concentration increased to 200-300ppm. Buckets were emptied during inspection. CDI., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Additional cleaning needed to speed rack cart covers, bottom of reach-in freezer, on shelving below prep surface beside wing reach-in cooler. Nonfood contact surfaces shall be cleaned frequently enough to be kept free from build-up., 4-203.11 Temperature Measuring Devices, Food - Accuracy - Observed food thermometer that read ~26-28F in an ice water bath. Food thermometer shall read 30-34F in an ice water bath. Thermometer was adjusted during inspection. Ensure thermometer is being calibrated regularly or after it&#39;s dropped. CDI., 7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - Observed spray bottle with purple solution that had no labeling on it. Ensure all spray bottles are labeled with solution inside. Bottle labeled during inspection. CDI.  7-209.11 Storage - Other Personal Care Items - Observed employee keys, phone and a cigarette stored on tray that single-use sauce cups were stored on. Keep employee personal items stored away from foods, single-use items, utensils, etc. All were moved during inspection. CDI., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - Person in charge (PIC) during time of inspection did not have an ANSI accredited food protection manager certification. PIC during time of inspection shall be a certified food protection manager (CFPM)., 3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination from the Premises - Observed french fries on speed rack in walk-in cooler in contact with cart cover that was not clean. Observed condensate on cart cover dripping onto fries. All containers of fries in contact with cart cover or being dripped on were discarded. Foods shall be protected from contamination. I recommend covering first few containers of fries with parchment paper for protection. CDI.  3-305.11 Food Storage - Preventing Contamination, 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Holes in walling over prep sink where old potato slicer was removed. Have holes filled. Baseboard tiles in walk-in cooler under walk-in freezer are missing, have them installed. Physical facilities shall be maintained in good repair.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Additional cleaning needed to walling behind prep table, prep sink, and near can wash. Ensure floors, walls, and ceilings are being clea, 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Observed metal bowls, plastic lids, and metal containers stacked wet. Allow dishes to adequately air dry before stacking them. All were separated during inspection. CDI., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - At 1:15pm the time as a public health control (TPHC) stickers for fries and raw wings were time stamped for 10:30am to 12:30pm. Ensure stickers and any leftover wings/fries are discarded after the 2 hour discard time. New containers,fries/wings, and time stickers were put out during inspection. CDI. PIC was not able to find procedures for TPHC. Procedures shall be available for review during inspection."
WINSLOW&#39;S DELI	81.0	"6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - Repair the broken light fixtures in the kitchen area. Repair the loose ceiling tile here that is propped open, and replace the ceiling tile around the suppression system. Refinish walls with chips and breaks in the back prep room, and around door trim by the Beverage Air cold prep unit. Corner piece at service sink is loose on left side, and cut FRP section is loose as well. At bar, seal gap at wall by dish machine. 6-5, 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - The pizza cutter was in a water container at 80 F. Water for holding in-use utensils shall be at least 135 F. A cup with no handle was sitting in the slaw in Beverage Air cold prep unit, and the sugar at tea urns. Provide scoops with handles for these products., 3-501.11 Frozen Food - The Trauslen freezer was not holding TCS foods frozen due to it icing up. Employees removed food from the unit. Food measurements were calamari: 36 F; sweet potato fries 37 F; chicken tenders 38 F. Coolers holding frozen foods shall maintain food frozen., 5-501.115 Maintaining Refuse Areas and Enclosures - The dumpster area has lots of trash on the ground around the dumpster area. Keep this area clean and free of debris to minimize insect and rodent attractants. Lots of flies were flying around., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment-Equipment - (A) Racks in the walk-in cooler are rusting and peeling paint. Racks are also peeling for clean utensil storage. Gaskets are loose or dangling, or broken on the True 2-door cooler, True 3-door cooler, and ServWare cold prep unit on cook line. Racks are rusting or beginning to rust in several coolers. The Trauslen freezer and ServWare cold prep unit was both iced up, and not functioning. 4-502.11(A)&amp;amp;(C) Good Repair and Calibration-Utensil, 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean interior of the ServWare cold prep unit at the pizza station. All coolers need gaskets cleaned of midlew. Clean storage rack above prep sinks of grime, and clean mold from storage racks in walk-in cooler. Clean sides of cooking equipment of grease buildup. Clean True 2-door cooler and grease and dust from utensil storage racks. Clean shelves under the grill, bread rack, Expo, and mold in the True 3-door cooler on racks., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - An employee was chewing gum standing at the Expo window. Employee instructed that gum cannot be chewed while working in the kitchen area., 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - At the Expo station, a bowl with sweet potato fries was sitting under warmer, but fries at top of the bowl were 122-131 F. Bowl was discarded. Keep TCS foods at 135 F or higher when holding for use., 7-201.11 Separation-Storage - Three bottles of hand sanitizer were left on a prep sink drainboard, and on shelves by kitchen expo window and expo line. Also, a peroxide cleaner bottle was left on table next to breads while employee was cleaning, and bottle was also placed on shelf next to pizza paddle and cutting boards. All were removed and discussed with employees. Chemical containers shall be stored in locations that prevent contamination of equipment, utensils, and food., 2-301.14 When to Wash - An employee took a raw steak from ServWare cold prep unit and placed it on the grill, but did not wash hands before donning new gloves. Discussed with employees that hands have to be washed after handling raw animal foods, and before handling food and clean utensils. Handwashing is required even if gloves were worn., 2-102.12 Certified Food Protection Manager - None of the Persons-In-Charge have a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) certification. PICs shall have a CFPM certification when establishment is open and preparing and serving food., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - (E)(4) The ice machine deflector shield had mold building up on it. Clean this area as often as is necessary to preclude accumulation of mold.  4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils-Frequency - (C) The can opener had food debris, and kitchen staff stated the can opener was not used today. The can opener was taken to the dish machine. Clean and sanitizer utensils within 4 hours of use. 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contac, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - A container of beef in the ServWare cold prep unit at pizza station was 44 F, and no explanation could be provided. All other TCS foods were 41 F or less. In the ServWare cold prep on right of line, all TCS foods checked 53-52 F. Unit was icing up. TCS foods were removed. Do not use this cooler until it can hold TCS foods at 41 F or less. 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Tempera"
WINSLOW&#39;S DELI &amp; TAVERN	93.0	"4-501.14 Warewashing Equipment, Cleaning Frequency - Clean the 3-compartment sink compartments of grime and grease, as seen in the rinse and sanitizer compartments. Clean this sink at least daily., 3-501.11 Frozen Food - The Trauslen freezer on the cook line had ice buildup on the evaporator, and was not holding TCS foods frozen. Raw chicken tenders were 33 F, and mozzarella sticks were 32 F. All TCS foods inside were thawed. All were moved to other coolers until the freezer could be thawed. Ensure freezers are maintained to keep frozen food frozen. 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Fresh diced tomatoes in the salad station ServWare cold prep unit were cooling from prep (50 F), but were cooling i, 4-302.12 Food Temperature Measuring Devices - The air thermometer in the Traulsen freezer was reading 18 F, but the freezer was not functioning, and all TCS foods were thawed. Replace this thermometer with air thermometer that is capable of accurately reading the air temperature. A different thermometer was placed in the cooler., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - Several employees were seen working in the kitchen processing food and orders with loose hair and goatees and beards uncovered. Employees who handle exposed food shall wear hair restraints., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Cups at both drink stations, and pans stacked above the 3-compartment sink, were stacked while wet. Utensils shall be allowed to air dry completely prior to tightly stacking them., 3-403.11 Reheating for Hot Holding - In the warmer at the salad station, a pan of queso was 108-129 F. Staff explained that the product was removed from cooler from prep yesterday, and was left to sit out to warm prior to placing in the warmer. Product was warming/reheating for longer than two hours. Product was discarded. Discussed with staff reheating in two or less hours, and reheating this product to at least 165 F using rapid means., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the top of the ServWare cold prep unit on the cook line, three stacks of sliced cheese in the top were 48 F. No explanation could be provided, and all other TCS foods were 41 F or less in this cooler. In the ServWare cold prep unit at the front salad station, a large container of ranch dressing was 54 F, and staff could not explain why, stating it had not been out of the cooler. Products were discarded, 3-401.14 Non-Continuous Cooking of Raw Animal Foods - Establishment is par-cooking chicken wings. However, the procedure presented for this is missing several elements required in the written procedure, such as final cooking temperature, immediate cooling steps, cold holding temperature and storage location, and monitoring. NC Food Code requirements were provided during inspection. Ensure written procedures are maintained with minimum requirements when par-cooking raw animal foods. Will follow-u"
WINTERGREEN INTERMEDIATE CAFETERIA	97.5	"7-102.11 Common Name - Working Containers - A bucket with detergent label had quaternary ammonia in it. Manager created a label for the bucket. Ensure sanitizer buckets are appropriately labeled with sanitizer name. 7-201.11 Separation - Storage - Two chemical bottles of detergent and sanitizer were stored above boxes of bags used for packaging foods. Dish machine is no longer used, and the drainboard is used for storing single-use articles. Remove these chemical containers to prevent potential, 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (A)(4) The food thermometer was stored in the holder at while it still had food debris on it. Discussed with manager, who cleaned it. Ensure food thermometers are cleaned of food debris prior to storage."
WINTERGREEN PRIMARY SCHOOL CAFETERIA	96.0	"4-501.110 Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Wash Solution Temperature - Wash temperature gauge read 146 F after four runs.  Minimum temperature read on this gauge shall be at least 160 F. Will return by 2/14/2022 to verify updates as to repairs., 3-501.19 Time as a Public Health Control - On the production chart for the TCS foods items under TPHC today, the times were not recorded as to when the food times were placed out for service. Staff evaluated when the food items should have been recorded under TPHC. Ensure that staff record the times as required in the written procedure."
WINTERVILLE FOOD MART	90.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Fans in walk in unit observed with dust accumulation. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 4-501.11 Good Repair and Proper Adjustment - Equipment - Shelving in walk in unit observed with signs of rusting. Keep all equipment in good repair.  4-101.19 Nonfood-Contact Surfaces - Leftmost fryer in kitchen area covered with cardboard with visible grease staining. Nonfood contact surfaces of equipment that are exposed to splash, spillage, or other food soiling or that require frequent cleaning shall be constructed of a corrosion-resistant, nonabsorbent, and smooth material. Cardboard on she, 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting above prep sink at 17-31 foot candles. provide at least 50 foot candles in all food handling areas., 3-501.13 Thawing - Smoked sausage thawing on shelf in rear prep area. Product primarily frozen during observation. CDI: product moved to reach in for thawing. Discussed use of more effective thawing methods with PIC., 5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink - Operation and Maintenance - Spray chemical bottle stored hanging in hand sin in rear prep area. Hand sinks shall be used for no purposes, other than hand washing. CDI: bottle removed.  6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - No hand drying provision provided for hand sink in rear prep area. All hand sinks shall be provided hand drying provisions. CDI: paper towel provided., 2-103.11 (A) - (P) Person in Charge - No certified food protection manager present and PIC unable to demonstrate knowledge requirements listed in this code. Certified food protection manager must be present or PIC must demonstrate knowledge of safe food handling practices in accordance with this code., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No certified food protection manager present. A certified food protection manager must be present during food handling., 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - Nozzles of beverage dispenser observed with black and brow accumulation. Per discussion with PIC, beverage nozzles are cleaned monthly. Beverage nozzles shall be cleaned at manufacturer&#39;s specified frequency or sufficient frequency to prevent soil accumulation., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Mac and cheese and chicken gizzards in hot box held below 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: products reheated to minimum 165F., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - Cheese on counter top in prep area held at 73F. Condenser unit of walk in manually turned off for defrosting. Per discussion with PIC, unit turned off for less than 1 hour. Products in walk in held at 49-51F. When held cold, TCS products must be held at 41F or below. CDI: cheese discarded. Condenser unit turned back on. Walk in unit cooled to 34-36F after unit was turned back on. Discussed use of more eff"
WINTERVILLE MANOR - (Lodging)	90.5	".1319(a), .1312 Furnishings and Patient Contact Items - Observed damage to resident mattress and furniture in common area has significant damage.  Several dressers throughout facility are not able to be open without falling out of place.  Ensure that resident furnishings are replaced and kept in good repair., .1310 Walls and Ceilings - Observed staining and soiling on walls and doors in patient rooms.  Observed damage to closet door on women hall Room 1.  Paint is coming off wall in men&#39;s bathroom and needs to be repaired., .1309 Floors - Cleaning needed to remove food and debris in resident rooms and closets. Detail cleaning needed in corners and under furniture.  Cleaning needed behind washers and dryers in linen room to remove dust and debris buildup.  Keep all floors cleaned., .1312(a), (b) or (f) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Repairs needed to fix loose plumbing fixtures in women&#39;s restroom bathtub area, men&#39;s shower is missing shower head, men&#39;s hand rail has come off wall and needs to be reattached., .1317(b) Vermin Control: Premises : Animal Maintenance - Observed several spray cans of residential pesticides throughout facility.  Only use approved pesticides.  Contact pest control operator to visit facility., .1312(d) Toilet, Handwashing, Laundry and Bathing Facilities - Men&#39;s bathroom was out of soap.  Ensure that soap is available at all time at hand sinks., .1317(a) Vermin Control: Premises : Animal Maintenance - Observed live small cockroaches throughout facility today.  The control of insects has greatly improved since previous visit.  Continue pest control plan to exclude all pest throughout facility., .1311(d) Lighting, Ventilation and Moisture Control - Observed microbial growth inside vents of air conditioning units throughout facility.  Control moisture in these areas to prevent microbial growth."
WINTERVILLE MANOR KITCHEN	90.5	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Keep non food contact surfaces clean.  Clean the hood and light bulbs that have dead insects and dust buildup on them., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - Food protection manager must be present during all hours of food preparation and service.  No food protection manager was present today., 6-301.12 Hand Drying Provision - Provide hand drying provisions for employees at all hand sinks.  Paper towels were missing at hand sink in kitchen.  Paper towels were added., 6-303.11 Intensity - Lighting - Lighting above 3 comp sink is not working, light measured 6-14 ft-cd.  Increase lighting to 20 ft-cd.    6-202.11 Light Bulbs, Protective Shielding - Provide globes or bulb covers for the bulbs in the ventilation hood., 2-101.11 Assignment - PIC shall demonstrate knowledge of food safety and requirements of this code.  PIC is not a certified food protection manager and priority violation were observed during this inspection., 3-302.11 Packaged and Unpackaged Food - Separation, Packaging, and Segregation - Arrange food so they are stored based on final cooking temperatures to prevent contamination.  Two slats of eggs were stored above ready to eat foods in reach in cooler.  PIC moved eggs to proper storage., 4-501.114 Manual and Mechanical Warewashing Equipment, Chemical Sanitization - Temperature, pH, Concentration and Hardness - Ensure that all sanitizer solutions at maintained at effective concentration.  Bottle of chlorine sanitizer when tested was too strong.  PIC dumped and remade chlorine sanitizer to effective concentration.   4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Food contact surfaces shall be clean to sight and touch.  Cleaning needed to re, 2-301.14 When to Wash - Employees must was hands when working between raw animal meat and ready to eat food and clean utensils.  Observed employee handling ground beef with gloved hands, then removed gloves and touch clean utensils.  Talked with employee reminding them to remove gloves and wash hands when switching task.  Employee washed hands and put on new gloves."
YABA	92.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean doors of the reach-in freezer, and doors to the reach-in coolers, to remove food debris, inside and outside. Clean tables at the heat lamps, and unit storing baklava., 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - An employee was preparing orders with no beard guard, and had full beard exposed. Ensure employees wear beard guards to cover beards when they are handling exposed food., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Two small floor areas are chipping, creating pockets. Repair these areas.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean dust from menu sign boards, and the extra table and espresso maker. Clean floor and wall behind cooking equipment. - Clean dust from ceiling around return air vents. 6-501.15 Cleaning Maintenance Tools, Preventing Contamination - Several items were on the table next to the slicer, such as, 4-303.11(B) No sanitizer was available for sanitizing utensils. PIC left to purchase sanitizer, and returned with appropriate chlorine. A spray bottle was mixed to 100 ppm. Ensure that sanitizer is available at all times to ensure sanitizer can be mixed and used when required., 6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Two small floor areas are chipping, creating pockets. Repair these areas.  6-501.12 Cleaning, Frequency and Restrictions - Clean dust from menu sign boards, and the extra table and espresso maker. Clean floor and wall behind cooking equipment. - Clean dust from ceiling around return air vents. 6-501.15 Cleaning Maintenance Tools, Preventing Contamination - Several items were on the table next to the slicer, such as, 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - (B) Several stacks of utensil pans were stored facing up so that water could not drain, and were pooling water. Also, a pitcher was stored with water in it, but had a lid. Store utensils inverted to ensure they adequately drain water after washing. 4-803.11 Storage of Soiled Linens - A dirty, used linen towel was stored on the air dry rack above the 3-compartment sink. Keep dirty towels st, 4-303.11(B) No sanitizer was available for sanitizing utensils. PIC left to purchase sanitizer, and returned with appropriate chlorine. A spray bottle was mixed to 100 ppm. Ensure that sanitizer is available at all times to ensure sanitizer can be mixed and used when required., 4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - (B) Several stacks of utensil pans were stored facing up so that water could not drain, and were pooling water. Also, a pitcher was stored with water in it, but had a lid. Store utensils inverted to ensure they adequately drain water after washing. 4-803.11 Storage of Soiled Linens - A dirty, used linen towel was stored on the air dry rack above the 3-compartment sink. Keep dirty towels st, 2-402.11 Effectiveness - Hair Restraints - An employee was preparing orders with no beard guard, and had full beard exposed. Ensure employees wear beard guards to cover beards when they are handling exposed food., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Two cups with employee drinks, and a single-use container with partially-eaten food, were sitting on the table at blender station. All were discarded. Ensure employee foods are stored away from equipment and utensils, and ensure employees do not eat on the preparation tables., 4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Clean doors of the reach-in freezer, and doors to the reach-in coolers, to remove food debris, inside and outside. Clean tables at the heat lamps, and unit storing baklava., 2-401.11 Eating, Drinking, or Using Tobacco - Two cups with employee drinks, and a single-use container with partially-eaten food, were sitting on the table at blender station. All were discarded. Ensure employee foods are stored away from equipment and utensils, and ensure employees do not eat on the preparation tables., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) was available during inspection. Establishment shall provide a PIC with a CFPM certification when preparing and serving food., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - No Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) was available during inspection. Establishment shall provide a PIC with a CFPM certification when preparing and serving food., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (B) The spatula for baklava was lying in the open single-use clamshells. (E) The ice scoop handle was lying in ice in the ice machine. (A) The falafel masher was lying in the falafel mix. Keep handles out of food to prevent contamination., 3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (B) The spatula for baklava was lying in the open single-use clamshells. (E) The ice scoop handle was lying in ice in the ice machine. (A) The falafel masher was lying in the falafel mix. Keep handles out of food to prevent contamination., 2-301.15 Where to Wash - An employee finished eating in dining area, and then rinsed hands in the prep sink. Instructed employee to use hand sink for rinsing hands, and employee responded that he washes hands in the hand sink, but was just rinsing them. Employees need to understand why they should not wash hands in any sink other than a hand sink. Instructed employee to wash hands only in the hand sink., 2-301.15 Where to Wash - An employee finished eating in dining area, and then rinsed hands in the prep sink. Instructed employee to use hand sink for rinsing hands, and employee responded that he washes hands in the hand sink, but was just rinsing them. Employees need to understand why they should not wash hands in any sink other than a hand sink. Instructed employee to wash hands only in the hand sink."
ZAXBYS	95.0	"4-903.11 (A), (B), and (D) Equipment, Utensils, Linens and Single-Service and Single-Use Articles Storing - 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some utensil pans and stacks of trays were stacked wet on the clean storage rack, and some had dried with water collecting around the rims of the pans. Ensure that utensils are air dried completely prior to storage., 4-601.11 (A) Equipment, Food-Contact Surfaces, Nonfood Contact Surfaces, and Utensils - Several various sized pans stacked on the clean storage rack had food residue still on them. Pans were removed for rewashing. Ensure that pans are cleaned of food debris and other residues during washing to prevent contamination of food and other utensils. 4-602.11 Equipment Food-Contact Surfaces and Utensils - Frequency - (E)(4) Clean the interior of the ice machine around the ice chute where debris was coll, 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - On the service line, containers of boiled eggs and shredded cheese were 46-47 F and 43.5 F, respectively. Pans were removed and eggs were discarded. Ensure that TCS foods can remain at 41 F or less at all times. Discussed using TPHC for these products."
ZAXBYS	99.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Nonfood contact surfaces shall be kept clean. Cleaning needed on the interior of the walk-in freezer., 3-302.15 Washing Fruits and Vegetables - Produce shall be washed before cutting. Observed employee cutting lettuce heads before washing. According to Zaxby&#39;s vegetable prep procedures and this code, vegetables are to be washed before cutting. CDI - Discussed with managers and employee about correct procedures."
ZAXBYS 37401	97.0	"4-602.13 Nonfood Contact Surfaces - Insides of cold prep units, hot box in kitchen area, and cooking equipment in need of cleaning. Keep all nonfood contact surfaces clean., 3-501.15 Cooling Methods - Cheese cooling in open top prep unit not cooling at sufficient rate. Per discussion with PIC, unit partially frozen over, but all TCS products in unit that were not cooling were held at 41F or below today. Sliced tomatoes in walk in unit cooling in metal pan with tight fitting lid not cooling at required rate. Effective cooling methods must be used to ensure rapid cooling.  CDI: Cheese discarded and replaced with previously cooled product. Recommend cooling TCS product, 6-101.11 Surface Characteristics - Indoor Areas - Hole in wall from previous band sink where reach in freezer is located has been filled in, but hole has been filled in with spray foam material. Provide surface that is smooth, durable, and easily cleanable.  6-501.11 Repairing - Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures - Methods - Some tiles in kitchen area broken or damaged. Keep all physical facilities in good repair. Facility has provided repair fro hole listed on previous inspection., 3-501.16 (A) (1) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - One pan of bone in wings and one pan of chicken filets held below 135F. When held hot, TCS products must be held at 135F or above. CDI: items discarded."
ZAY&#39;S PLACE LLC	96.0	"5-205.11 Using a Handwashing Sink-Operation and Maintenance - At the start of the inspection a knife and a lid to a pan were observed stored in the handwashing sink. A handwashing sink should not be used for purposes other than handwashing. Knife and lid , 3-501.16(A)(1) Potentially Hazardous Food(Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food) Hot&amp;amp;Cold Holding - Turkey BBQ was temped at 121 degrees F. Temperature control safety foods shall be maintained at 135 degrees F or higher. BBQ was removed from the wa, 3-501.16(A)(2) and (B) Potentially Hazardous Food (Time/Temperature Control for Safety Food), - Cheese in the reach in refrigeration unit temped at 45 degrees F and liquid eggs temped at 48 degrees F. Temperature control safety foods that are held cold sh"
ZOE&#39;S KITCHEN #174	95.0	"3-304.12 In-Use Utensils, Between-Use Storage - (E) The ice scoop holder had pooled water and small amount of debris in the bottom at the ice machine. (B) A cup with no handle was sitting in the paprika. Ice scoop was cleaned in the dish machine, and the cup was removed from the paprika. Keep storage areas for scoops clean, and provide scoops with handles to prevent contamination from hands., 6-501.11 Repairing-Premises, Structures, Attachments, and Fixtures-Methods - The grout is wearing out throughout the kitchen tiles, causing trapping of debris and water, and is difficult to clean. Repair to provide a smooth, easily cleanable surface. Counters at the front counter are getting rough along edges from containers sliding., 2-102.12 (A) Certified Food Protection Manager - The Person-In-Charge (PIC) does not have a Certified Food Protection Manager (CFPM) certification. Establishment shall ensure the PIC has a CFPM certification at all times when the establishment is preparing and serving food., 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - 4-901.11 Equipment and Utensils, Air-Drying Required - Some stacks of utensil pans were stacked wet at the clean storage rack. Allow utensils to air dry completely prior to stacking., 3-501.16 (A) (2) and (B) Time / Temperature Control for Safety Food, Hot and Cold Holding - In the right-side True cold prep unit, a pan of hummus on the right side of the top was 48.9 F. All other TCS foods measured 41 F or less. Product was removed. Ensure that TCS foods remain at 41 F or less at all times. If temperatures are difficult to maintain, consider moving products away from heat sources, such as away from the steam units, and placing non-TCS foods in this location."
